[0.08-6.96] mighty: What's going on, guys? Welcome back to another episode of the Mighty Guru
podcast. I'm your boy Mighty, and I got my man MMA Guru here.
[6.96-40.38] guru: What's up, guys? I'm also here on the Mighty Guru show because it's both of us
doing this, obviously, and today we're going to be talking all things the disaster of UFC 321. I
mean, it couldn't get much worse than that. For the main event, Cyril Garn using Tom Aspinall's face
as a bowling ball. But that's not the only thing we're going to be breaking down. Uman amigamedov
face resistance. Alexander Volkov jails now made her what in the decision. I think it was right. DJ
thinks it was wrong, which is very interesting. So we're going to be going over that, but not before
I get into what Anthony Smith and Cha Sonnen were saying about my boy Tom Aspinal.
[40.46-55.98] mighty: And we'll also look Forward to UFC322 with JDM take on ISAM Makachev and Way
Lee taking on Valentin Chef Shanko. So sit back, relax, get the popcorn as me Guru Cook. One of the
best shows in MMA right now. Enjoy the Mighty Guru podcast.
[61.59-77.03] guru: He's out cold badly. Jon Jones defense out of Demetrius Johnson there at the
end. I am a piece of, but my content's really good. Try and look beyond how terrible of a person I
am.
[80.79-143.42] mighty: The Mighty Guru Show. What's going on, guys? This episode of the Mighty Guru
Pod is sponsored by Prize Picks. Now Price Picks is daily F sports game play directly from your
phone or your computer. Go to Prize Picks on your app store or computer, and when you sign up, use
our promo code, Mighty Guru. For new users, play $5. You're going to get $50 in your lineup. And we
had UC 321. And, you know, we came up with a W. And I, you know, when I'm looking at Guru, it looks
like he had a W as well. I'll start with my Guru. I went with less with significant strikes with
jots on a Maeda Umar Nuromedov. We went less with 57 and a half. He only landed 32. And then this is
where we kind of, you know, fumbled a little bit, but we still recovered. We went less with thanh
Aspinall landed 27.5 significant strikes. He only landed 27. But since the fight did not continue,
they scratched as a W, but we got the first two right. So we cleaned up with a $600. How'd you do,
Guru?
[144.03-152.91] guru: It turns Out. Going for less in that main event was very beneficial based on
how it ended, because I took less. Oh, no, I got it wrong.
[154.35-155.99] mighty: I'm sorry. Well, not when I.
[155.99-156.51] guru: Obviously.
[157.87-159.15] mighty: Yeah, that's all right.
[159.15-170.51] guru: A little on the spot. Change up. You never know what's gonna happen on the
Mighty Guru Show. Guys, I got less than 2.5 total rounds. The Ikramaliskarov versus the Union park,
and they went to the distance.
[170.88-184.24] mighty: Hey, you know what? As long as we're having a good time making it picks at
the right place, which is Price Picks, that's all that matters. So, guys, I hope you guys enjoyed
this episode of the Mighty Guru Pod and shout out to Prizefree for sponsoring this episode. Enjoy.
[192.88-195.44] guru: Is that really how my eyes look? Hell.
[196.65-201.29] mighty: Oh, there he is. Oh, you trimmed your beer. You got it all nice and pressed
down and everything. Good for you.
[203.21-203.85] guru: We started.
[204.49-206.49] mighty: Yeah, we always start, babe. We always live.
[206.89-218.41] guru: Yep, I've been crying my eyes out at night. This is why my eyes are so red
right now. But, no, I just tried to get some sleep and I don't think we are starting, are we? Dj,
this is.
[218.65-334.43] mighty: Listen. Three, two, one, boys. We are back again with my man, MMA Guru, and
it's me, Mighty. A lot of stuff happened at USA 321 with Tom Aspinall taking on Ciro. Gone. Let's
start with that, okay? A lot of people, my biggest fear happened, right? Tom Aspinall, we talked
about before he had to win this fight, obviously, you know, for his legacy and for him to, you know,
not back up everything, you know, he talked about. But like Jon Jones, I never get what he said here
today, gone tomorrow. And the first thing I saw when I woke up was my beautiful wife. But besides
that, I looked at Jon Jones Instagram and I saw he change his fucking. His avatar to a duck with the
eyepatch. And then you have Alex Pereira sitting there watching the fight, and he sits there, goes,
cut, trauma. And then everybody piles up on somebody when they're. They're defeated or they're
injured or something like that. I didn't like that feeling whatsoever for Tom Aspinall because the
man did get impregnated in his eyes with those fingers. But a lot of people got to understand, you
know, go ahead, Guru, go ahead, get in there. Because we have a lot to talk about when it comes just
for that specific fight, just for the hands and how to throw a proper leg kick. This is not how you
throw a leg kick. People, when you go to Thailand or you learn they don't go hands tight and throw
like that. If I throw a thousand kicks on a bag like this, boom, boom, boom. This is called hand
exchange. Hand exchange. I throw a thousand kicks in the bag this day or in a week, two weeks, I
train eight weeks, that's 8,000 kicks a week. And all of a sudden when I get in a fight, I'm self
naturally supposed to go like this. Get the out of dodge. Go ahead, guru. Go ahead, cook, baby.
[335.71-532.97] guru: So I'm distraught, I'm broken. I don't know how to feel about this, but Tom
Aspinall, basically, Cyril Garn went bowling and used Tom Aspinall's face as a bowling ball. All he
was missing was a thumb in the mouth. I swear he had two fingers up top in each eye, one thumb in
the mouth. And Cyril was about to bowl a strike with Tom Aspinall's head. It was a tough one to
watch, but a lot happened aside from the eye poke. Unfortunately, it did end with the eye poker and
that is being like, seen as some kind of like, loss for Tom. I, I think the fact that this went past
two minutes was always going to be seen as some kind of loss for Tom. So unless it went perfect for
him, as it usually does, I think anything will be seen as like, this was the worst. Oh my God, he
did terrible. Compared to what he. Because compared to what he normally looks like, this was a bad
performance from him because it, it went four and a half minutes long into the fight. So therefore
that's how people are going to perceive this. But I think there's some kind of like, people are
doing like some kind of victory lap for the loss of Tom Aspinall from him being gouged in his eyes
and the fight being called off when really collectively we should be like, ah, oh, well, well, let's
see what happens next time when we rebook this rematch. But yeah, there's a lot to talk about in
this fight because not only was Tom Aspen, our eye poked and it was really bad. And we can talk
about the logistics of the eye poke and how that works and how it can be solved and maybe we'll get
into that a bit afterwards. But Cyril gone was looking good, was looking good, he was looking loose.
And I think that's something that he almost focused on here because against Ngannou and Jon Jones,
he got really stiff in like the big moment. Like he almost changed who he was. Characteristically
against Nganu, he wasn't letting things go. He was kind of just watching and scarpering a Lot more
away from him. And against Jon Jones, he was like very flat footed almost, comparatively, and he
threw like a big head kick and then lost his back and then got taken down afterwards. Whereas in
this fight, he kind of was making a point to like shake out his shoulders in front of him and do a
lot of this movement to like, ease the pressure off of him so he could just start flicking the jab.
He almost threw no kicks. And I thought we were having a good tit for tat fight. A lot of people see
it as like, oh, G was picking Tom apart and I see it and I think Ghan's probably up by a couple
strikes here, but this is a tit for tat move. I just think when we go into the unknown for Tom, it's
seen as like a. It's seen as a negative. Like, oh, Cyril Garn's done better than every opponent
before, therefore he's doing really good against Tom Aspinall. And that's always going to be the
narrative. It's like if someone shucked off Hamza Chimaev's takedowns in round one. Yep, all of it.
All of a sudden you'd be like, oh, my God, this guy's doing amazing against Hamza Mayev. Even if it
could still be a competitive fight compared to like any other fight on the roster, people are just
going to sort of see the unknown and see the things that we haven't seen before done as like, way
more than they actually are. I thought we were having a tit for tat striking match. Garm was doing
good. He bloodied up his nose and then bang, he went bowling for Tom's head. And yeah, that's.
That's what it was. What did you think about the eye poke, the way Seagull was looking, the way the
fight was going?
[533.50-589.76] mighty: I think. I think a lot of people wrote off Sir Gone, and I was one of them.
Not gonna lie, his last performance against Jon Jones wasn't. It wasn't. It wasn't that great. You
know, John Joe was able to get him down, got him with that, that Guillotine. Very easy to defend,
Guillotine. But obviously this fight for Gane, when he was getting ready to go to get Tom Aspinall,
he brought in some wrestlers, even though Tom Aspinall isn't. Isn't known for his wrestling, you
know what I mean? Like, so he did defend that takedown from Tom Aspinall and I was really impressed
because like you said, he was being loose and he kept it simple. He was Just popping that jab,
always turning. Tom is great at blitzing, right? And the one thing Tom does that gets him in trouble
is, is the way he moves his head back, right? And he's always trying to get to his opponents by
rushing. Not rushing, but, like, blitzing across the void. Get the combination. And Gane was doing a
good job of turning, always forcing Tom to turn.
[589.89-590.05] guru: And.
[590.20-760.01] mighty: And Tom could not find cereal ground like he has his other opponents. The
one thing that Tom does very well that works in his other opponents is his other opponents don't
move, right? It's almost like Terence Crawford fighting Canelo Alvarez. Canelo Alvarez does well
against people who stand there and take the beating. But once he fights somebody who moves, he has a
hard time being that bruiser who's able to, like, pop up. Bop, right? He moves. He's moving. I got
to go find him. Oh, boom. He's always moving. That's kind of as with Tom Aspinall, because Tom is
very good about throwing a high kick. The person X blocks it. And Tom is so fast getting his foot
down that he's able to throw a 1, 2, a 1, 2, 3. But Cyril Garden wasn't there. He would block the
head kick. And then once Tom will get down, he'll throw that one strike, and that one strike might
land, and the right hand is going to become it. But Gane's already moving, so it doesn't land flush
as it usually does when he fights people. You watch the other fights, his highlights, where he'll
knee the body, boom, bop, bop, and hit the person immediately, super fast. But Gon wasn't there. He
could not find Gane. Now people got to realize you're never going to get rid of eye pokes and mixed
martial arts because we have our hands exposed. We need our hands exposed. Why when I parry a jab,
you don't parry a jab like this. You parry a jab like this. Baseball catch or parry cross like this.
My hands are open. Not like this. My hands are like this. Closed. I am tense. My hand is tense.
That's why when I fight, if you watch my fights, I'm like this. I'm moving like this. I could be
faster this way than like this. It's just the instincts of the physicality of, like, fighting. When
you learn how to kick, they say, open your hands. It's called hand exchange. I'm hand exchanged
because I want to block my opponent's vision. And damn, let me tell you, sir Gone did a great job
blocking that vision. Okay? I want to block? Yeah, I want to block his vision so he does not see the
leg kick. You could do it by punching, which is not the best way. 1, 2, 9, or 1, 3, 10. But
naturally, even when I throw my leg kicks, my hands are coming out, because I spent 15 years
throwing kicks this way. And that's how they teach you, is to open your hands and. And spread them
and spread your fingers and kick your opponent, whether. Thank you, baby. Whether it lands, you
know, your hands are on their face. But it is the proper technique to do that. And people don't
realize that when you see Muay Thai guys, you can't see because they have boxing gloves on, but
their hands are open when they throw. It's just something that you can't avoid. Like, I love how
everybody's like, oh, man, when are we going to fix I pokes mma? You're fucking never going to be
able to fix it. My hands are open. They're open.
[761.69-932.83] guru: I mean, I agree that you're never going to be able to get rid of eye pokes in
MMA unless you just have boxing gloves on and you cover the fingers. There's. They're always going
to happen. But I have a rebuttal for your dj. Okay. Okay, Go on. This is where things are gonna get
crazy here on the Mighty Guru show, guys. So I think if people are just looking at it from, like, an
objective thing and they see, oh, an eye poke happened. Ah, they happen. They happen. Eye pokes
happen. Yeah. But it seems to me, and I'm noticing this more and more in mma, and this is where I
think people have the problem with it. There seems to be fighters that go their whole career with
maybe one or two eye pokes that they commit to an opponent. And then there seems to be other
fighters on the roster that go and commit one or two eye pokes every single fight. And unfortunately
for Cyril Garnish, or unfortunately for Tom, Cyril Garn does seem to be one of those fighters that
constantly gets people in the eyes by outstretching his fingers in their face. And I know there is,
like, a method to it. You know, he came. He came from a Muay Thai background, so he's going to have
learned things to do as he does things. So the fingers are going to come out now and then. But it
does seem to be a thing with Cyril gone, where he's like, you keep catching people in the eyes. You
can't. Please stop. It's really pissing me off now. Okay, and now you've. And now you've Ruined the
main event here. Okay, but that's, that is how it goes. Like, G seems to constantly catch people in
the eyes. And then when you pair that with groin shots, I mean, what was the first thing he landed
on? Jon Jones in air title fight. Bang, straight to the groin of Jon Jones. Then you look, I was
watching his. And I think this is where people are saying you can't defend G. It's not because you
can't defend that moment from garbage. Even though maybe you can't because you did push after the
fingers made contact, which definitely didn't look good. He like almost double, double. I poked him.
Like, he was like, oh, I, I poked him. But this is not enough. I must gouge and rip his eyes from
his head. And he was going for all of it. Proper evil stuff. But. So maybe you could like say
there's no excuse for that, but it's just he keeps having these foul moments with the eye pokes, the
grin shots. And I was watching his finishing highlight reel going into this fight and I don't know
if anyone else noted noticed a trend amongst Gan's finishes, but they were showing the JDS finish,
the Tuivasa finish, the Spivak finish, the Derrick Lewis finish. And I've been, I'm thinking like,
ah, a lot of these punches going right to the back of the head gun, non stop. He's clut. He's
clubbing these guys over the back of the head. So I think that's where a lot of the backlash of like
G can't help it is coming from, is because G has kind of been on our watch for like, watch out for
some fouls. There's going to be some eye pokes, there's going to be some groin shots. And then when
he did it, it's like, see, he's done it again.
[932.99-952.78] mighty: You know, I, I, I feel like he's a criminal. You guys are like, he's robbed
this bank, he's robbed this atm. He's done all this. We got you on the FBI watch list, my friend.
And when he did you, you're like, there it is right there. He did it. I just feel that it's
something that I'm not promoting it. I want to be frank, but I'm not promoting.
[953.10-954.14] guru: You're promoting it.
[956.70-996.14] mighty: I'm not saying I'm promoting it, but I'm saying that it is part of fighting.
And for an athlete to, you know, to, you know, extend his hands like that to throw, it's just proper
technique of throwing that specific technique. Now I've never I poked somebody in my career. Right.
I'm grateful I have. And there's been a lot of people who've been able to use that exact same
technique and not I poked. But, you know, I just think that it's just part of the game. And here's
the thing, too. I want to read off a couple of quotes that I saw this morning about this. The same
thing, because, you know, I had a lot of mixed feelings. But here we go. This is from Chael Sonnen.
[996.78-997.18] guru: Tom.
[997.18-1012.35] mighty: Massimo said, I got poked in the eye and I can't see. If you. I can't see.
You got poked in the eye and you're injured. That's a different combo. But if you got poked in the
eye and can't see, generally in our sport, we fight through it now and.
[1012.35-1027.63] guru: Generally, generally that fighter loses and exactly their entire career. So
what's the real message there? Push on, fight through the injury. Stipe after getting eye poked by
DC and then get slept in round one by DC and lose your heavyweight belt and get chucked to the side.
[1028.19-1028.51] mighty: Yeah.
[1028.91-1052.27] guru: You see. Fight on through an eye injury in round, in round three or so of
the trilogy with Steve in your biggest fight, retirement fight at the time, or his retirement fight,
and go on to lose the fight. So what they're saying is, who cares if the guy fouled you? Push on.
That's what we do. We. We get fouled, we get up in the next round and lose our bill. That's just how
it goes. Continuation of it.
[1052.51-1053.95] mighty: No. Well, I agree with you.
[1054.20-1054.44] guru: Right?
[1054.84-1100.47] mighty: And here's. I want to do one more. One more, then I'm going to give you my
piece. Okay? Anthony Smith said Cho made a poetic point. You have to be used to or willing to fight
with one eye. I did it in Singapore. My point about this is that the last time somebody got severely
poked in the eye in a mixed martial arts fight was Henry Cejudo when Son Yodong donged him in the
eyeballs, right? And he was like, you know what? I can't see. He took the five minutes, he continued
in the fight, right? And he moved and he kept moving. He moved. He goes, dude. And he goes back to
the corner. He goes, dude, guys, I can't fucking see. Like, I can't see. Then the fight went to the
judges scorecard. Granted, this fight was only the first round, right? So they couldn't go to the
scorecards, right. Because they didn't have anything to score, essentially.
[1100.47-1100.75] guru: Right.
[1100.83-1163.48] mighty: But since Henry Suiter got off the stool Continued with the fight, he
couldn't see. Then he would back to the judge's corner. He went back to his corner and he goes, I
can't see. Let's call the fight. He ended up losing that fight due to the scorecard. So once again,
I think people don't realize that if you go into a fight injured, you're already in that fight and
you're injured and it's one round and if they call it off and it's a, you know, no contest, I keep
my belt. The ramifications of losing a fight, your pay gets cut drastically. When I fought him,
Cejudo, I was making $380,000 just showing up to that bitch, right? And then, you know, when I lost
to Henry, remember 380, I lost to him. My pay went down to like $125,000 or $150,000. That's a huge
pay cut for a loss. So for Tom Aspinall to be like, dude, I can't see. Like, I can't fucking see,
I'm not going to continue to fight was the smartest thing he could do. Because if he would follow
these guys rules of just push through it, mate, just push through it, just. And he loses.
[1163.72-1164.36] guru: Like us.
[1164.68-1169.24] mighty: Yeah, I want to say, like, maybe like you, but not like me.
[1169.72-1201.32] guru: No, not like you, but I'm saying. Let me, let me just chime in here because
you said, you said, you said, you mentioned Lionheart. Lionheart's chiming in. I didn't, I didn't
know Lionheart was chiming in on whether or not they should continue through, but I know he took the
illegal knee off Jones and maybe he won a split decision in Singapore after he got eye poked, but I
didn't know Lionheart was weighing in on the situation here. It's just weird to me because it's like
these two are up there and I love Chael because he's the undefeated, undisputed.
[1201.56-1202.20] mighty: Absolutely.
[1203.00-1302.07] guru: Tom's got a belt around his shoulder that, that is a lot to. It's an
undisputed world championship. And you're basically telling him, I'm sure you got your eyes gouged
out by Gun's baguette fingers right into the socket of your eyeballs and raked across your face. But
just lose your title like the rest of us. The rest of us. Cha's never had Undisputed. Smith's never
had Undisputed. Maybe he could have done if he would have taken the illegal knee out against Jon
Jones, but I don't think he would be on the analyst desk. If he actually did take the belt for that,
I think that's a nice little favor from the ufc. Like, you kept the division moving. You didn't ruin
the timeline of mma. You. You kept trooping on. Maybe that time he earned the Lionheart moniker. But
I just think it's. It's so. It's such a silly take because I've seen those guys, and listen, I've
seen Smith curled up in a ball from legal strikes. So it's like, what do you want Tom to do? What
would make you guys happy with what Tom responded with? Like, I've seen Smith hit by an elbow off of
a fighter and then just go right. Time for the classic Armadillo Smith technique, where he shoots in
on a single leg and gets beaten up by Reyes for five minutes straight while doing nothing about
Smith. I've seen you quit without being eye poked and be on your knees on the single leg getting
punched over and over again. So obviously, did he not quit correctly, according to the Lionheart
State Athletic Commission of quitting, was it not up to, like, regime? It wasn't up to standard. Now
that. That quitting wasn't good enough, he needs to quit a different way in future, says Anthony
Smith. I don't understand how that works, but it's just weird to me.
[1302.95-1305.83] mighty: That armadillo. That armadillo.
[1305.91-1328.72] guru: The Armadillo technique is gonna curl up in the ball. So I don't know how
they're weighing in on this. Like, Chael did the same thing. He got hit by Jon Jones, and he kind of
just took it and got the paycheck. I know he stepped in on short notice, but, like, dude, this means
some real. We've been building to this moment. If that was to be how Tom lost his belt, not only
would you have a narrative of, like, gone, I gouged him and then knocked him out. That's.
[1328.80-1329.28] mighty: Yeah.
[1329.36-1343.80] guru: I'm sick of those moments in UFC history where we look back and we say,
sure, this moment happened, but it only happened because the guy fouled the guy, and then they just
kept going. And you mentioned Sahuda, the ref forced him to continue that round. If you remember, he
said to the.
[1343.80-1362.85] mighty: Ref, after the five minutes. Yeah, after the five minutes, he was like,
what are you gonna do? Well, I can't see. And I was like, do you want to continue or not? It was
just almost the same thing with Kevin Holland when he got kicked in the balls. Like, they're like,
hey, are you good? Are you good? What do you want to do. Kevin o' Holland was like, I plead the
fifth. I did not go. You know, he wasn't saying anything and.
[1362.85-1363.93] guru: He'S avoiding eye contact.
[1364.25-1494.31] mighty: Yeah, yeah. And it's almost like after the five minutes, you have a
choice, do you want to continue or not? I think it was great that Tom didn't do it. And with Henry
Singh, he did continue to fight and he couldn't see. So I think, like, after, like sitting here
thinking, thinking about, like, what Tom did and watching it, I was like, I thought it was smart
because he fights again. He's still the heavyweight champion of the world. His pay does not change.
And, you know, I was listening to his, you know, his, one of his interviews, and his father said, I
don't want him to resign with the ufc. He's got three fights left on his contract. Three fights he
goes, I want a heavyweight champion boxing. So those three fights he fought, one of those fights are
gone now because it was a no contest in a contract structured. So he basically gets his full pay,
one fight off his deal. Now he's going to this fight with two fights left on his deal. If he beats
Sirogan now, he's left on one fight in his deal and he can roll the dice like I want, I want X, Y
and Z. He doesn't. They, they can usually, typically, if you're a champion, they renegotiate when
you're in two fights or one fight because they don't want a champion of the world to go in a fight.
They did with Francis Ngannou into a fight on what if I deal left and he wins. Now that champion
holds all the cards. So I think it was the smartest thing to do because he's still getting the same
pay. He's a champion and he has two fights left on his contract. And then I think he set up pretty
good. I mean, it's not like, oh, hey, since you got IPO to his other contest, we're not going to pay
you your full. Your full pay. Like, they're going to pay him his full pay, whatever it is. And if
it's pay per view points, I mean, essentially he got a free paycheck for getting poked an eye. He
didn't lose. So that's how I do. I thought what Tom did was great. Not, don't listen to a Chael.
Don't listen to what Anthony Smith say. You know, you're the athlete, you're in there. I would hate
to fight with one fucking eye. Like, I wouldn't do it. Like, you know, me Sitting here right now,
I'm gonna be like, oh, man, if I got poked and I. Da, da, da, da. I'll continue. I can tell you
right now, happily sitting here, if I would have got poked tonight and I couldn't see. I'm not
fighting somebody. That was what. I'm not fighting somebody. Like, you know, pirate.
[1494.39-1494.75] guru: Yeah.
[1494.75-1501.71] mighty: Imagine back in the day. Imagine the. Imagine that. Pirates back in the
day. Ah, yeah.
[1501.71-1509.99] guru: And you know, nowhere near their opponent. Just depth. Depth perception. All
off. Black beard's three feet out of range.
[1509.99-1510.55] mighty: Yeah.
[1511.26-1529.26] guru: Missing everything he goes for. But either way, you mentioned Henry Cejuda
and like, he immediately. His response was Henry, pseudo. I can't see, man. I can't see anything,
man. And he's saying it out loud. But that's a human response to not being able to see anything.
[1529.58-1529.94] mighty: Yeah.
[1529.94-1572.26] guru: A lot of people are saying Tom immediately said he can't see anything. What
did he. What was he thinking? You're supposed to lie about that. But then you're in the reality
where you genuinely are blind. Yeah. And someone's put a. But, like, used to use you as a bowling
ball. I can't even describe it better than that. He used him as a bowling ball to, like, push his
face away. It wasn't like the eye poke just landed. It touched his eyes and then he went and like,
pushed him in. So he pushed one eyeball sort of off kilter. The one that was really bad. And then
the other eyeball just got a knuckle deep eye poke afterwards. So there's a reality where you're
literally blind and you can't see anything. And then they might say, okay, we're gonna continue. And
then you'll be like, all right, then. And Tom's facing the cage while Garn's behind him.
[1572.50-1572.86] mighty: Yeah.
[1572.86-1746.31] guru: He really can't see anything. So there's just a human response that comes
out. Not like a smart decision to say, I can't see anything. Even though you know it's a smart move
not to continue. It's not like he made a coherent decision to be like, I can't see anything. Like,
let me think what I should say in this moment. I can't see anything. It's like, holy, I can't see
anything. This was the biggest moment for me. I've been waiting 15 months for this. All the
pressure's on my back. I'm supposed to go out there and destroy. Gone. And now I'm blind and they
want me to go back out there. Or now I'm just blind. I can't see anything. I can't see anything.
What the is going on? Who's even like, what's even going on right now? And maybe you could see out
of one eye, but I just think it should be on Gone. You. You cheat. That was a messy move by Gone. It
gone was looking good. Let's run it back anywhere. But there seems to be this sort of response from
the community that's like Tommy Rue Tom. And I'm like, well, sweet victim blaming. I blamed Henry,
by the way, I should mention this. I blamed Henry because the difference was when, when Aspinall got
eye poked, he sort of went, oh yeah, hell, I can't even open my eye. And that's normally what you
see. Yair Rodriguez brushes Jeremy Stevens eye, even just a brush of the eyelid. I don't even
remember this in UFC Mexico. And Jeremy's eye won't open as like a muscle reflex. And I'm like,
what? That didn't even look like a bad eye poke. But what we've learned over time is the eyes are a
delicate thing. Yes. And extremely. I think they may be one of the most complex parts of our body,
bar the brain is the eye. And how delicate, how easy it is to be damaged now, easily you can have
problems with it. So, and, and Jeremy just couldn't open his eye. And the Mexican crowd were like
chucking beer at Jeremy on his way out and they had to cover him on the way out. And I, I went after
Henry because Henry's sat there wide eyed going, I can't see anything, man. Like, and he's not
holding his eyes. So at that point I was like, what the is Henry doing? This is crazy. But, but now
I get it. Like, dude, you're blind. Yeah, you're blind. And maybe it took my boy being on the
receiving end for me to finally get this, but you're blind. You shouldn't be asked to continue. And
even Henry was like told by Herzog, we're gonna continue anyway. And Henry's like, I can't see, man.
He's saying that to the ref and the fight should be stopped. But Herzog's going, we're gonna
continue till the end of the round and then we're gonna score this thing. I'm not like, what? Why
would we do that? Like, really, in hindsight, why the would they do that? This guy can't see your
job as a refs to protect them. Let's continue to the rest of the round so we can score this to Song
Yudong and move on. With the division, it's like, hang on, this is real injustice. And it. The
injustices of the sport seem to never be against the people committing things and always seem to be
on the people. To have to troop on once something's being committed against them is a really odd
dynamic. But go ahead, dj.
[1746.55-1834.56] mighty: I'm curious what that. Why that dynamic is in our sport. Like, maybe
because we put a lot of emphasis on he's the baddest man on the planet and they should be able to
trump through these things. I'll never understand it. I feel like the only person who's trained to.
Who's trained to fight with one eye is Michael Bisping. Right. Because he is literally blind to one
eye. So for him, he's used to it. And I never forget, you know, I heard rumors like when GSP came
back to fight Marcus Bisping, he goes, oh, that was easy fight. I was fighting somebody with one
eye, so I just kept attacking the eye he couldn't see. I kept throwing stuff on that side and I
ended up, you know, catch him. It was a great fight between Michael Bis and Geor George. Pierre. Bo
George was like, I was literally fighting a guy with one eye, so he couldn't, like, if I can't see
this way and somebody throws a high kick on that side, I. I can't register it all the time. Michael
is. Bis has lost his. His eye. So it's a. He tore his retina from the. I think it was a. Vor Belfort
had multiple surgeries on it. So he literally fights with one eye. So for him, he's trained his
whole career where Tom's trained to have two eyes. Right. So I think everybody needs to, like, pull
back the reins. Let's give, give Tom grace and maybe. And maybe put more of the blame on Sir Gane.
But the beautiful thing is that they could run it back. Nobody really got injured. We don't know the
full extent of Tom Aspinall's eye injury. Right. For all we know, he could have a torn retina. He
can have an abrasion on his. We have no idea.
[1835.04-1835.28] guru: Yeah.
[1835.28-1875.13] mighty: Hopefully for us to get something going again, hopefully it's nothing
serious and they can book this. I would love for them to book it in December. Throw this car, Throw
this fight at the end of the year in Las Vegas with. Who is it? Morale taking on Peter Yan Van
taking on Alex Pantoja. Just go ahead. Let's, let's, let's, let's end the year on a banger. Throw
them as a main Event, run it back. They only fought for five, not even five minutes. It sound like
they had to go to another weight cut. I. I think they do that. That's how you fix and rectify this
to get everybody happy. Put it at the end of the year card. That's what I would do.
[1875.61-1885.21] guru: Or la. I don't know when Ilia is coming back, but January is good as well.
They could try and book this for December. But there's also a part of this where this is now a
bigger fight, you know.
[1885.21-1886.09] mighty: Oh, 1,000%.
[1886.09-1912.87] guru: Because what people saw. And maybe we'll get more into like what actually
happened in the fight amongst them because we only sort of over that. I'm gonna sneeze. Go ahead.
No, I'm not. Horrible feeling. Terrible feeling that is. No, it's there. No, I'm good. Right.
Anyway, let's just talk through it and blind. I'll be blind through this while I work on this
sneeze. But the only thing that even. Hell yeah.
[1912.87-2008.84] mighty: Here you work on SEs. I mean the biggest thing that made this so
controversial is that like you said, what it. What could have happened in the fight because Sir Gane
was looking good. I was impressed with Sir Gane, how he was able to move pot shot, keep everything
simple. Keep it simple. And maybe when he fought Francis and when he fought Jon Jones, he did not
keep it simple. Right. So since he kept it simple with Tom Aspinall, he was able to bloody Tom
Aspinall. He was able to defend the takedown for Tom Aspinall. And we actually had a good fight on
our hands. And who knows what happened. I think like, let's say, you know, Tom was just pop up, just
piecing him up, piecing him up like he does everybody else. And then I poke happens like, oh, okay.
And then Tom Quinn's like, oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. I don't think there'll be as much flack. But the
fact that Sir Gone was having a lot of success in that fight against Tom Aspen all. And then I poke
happens. And then that's where I think everybody's up in war because it was. We had. I mean the co
main event was. It was a decent fight, but I felt like this was very competitive where we saw
somebody was moving, popping. We'd never seen somebody pop Tom Aspinall like that before. And that's
why I think a lot of people were upset. And the fact that we all wanted to see, you know, now it
kind of like, are we going to get Tom Asimov versus Alex Beheder in the White House. Are we ever
going to get Jon Jones versus Tom Asl at the White House? I think those kind of leave our mind now
where it's like, hang on.
[2009.24-2100.64] guru: We got this to deal with. We got Tom Aspinall, Cyril Gone. And that was my
point. This is now a bigger fight when they booked the rematch because I think there were people
that out there that wanted Gone to win. There's people out there that were rooting for Gone. Maybe
like, we're really pulling for Gone to pull this off and upset Aspen now and get the job done. But
they were almost. They couldn't say it like, credibility wise. They were like, damn, I kind of wish
Garm would pull this off. But. But, man, I still think Tom's gonna destroy him, you know, I still
think Tom's gonna beat him. And that was the perception going in. Tom was a plus. Not a plus, a
minus 400 favorite, minus 350 or something. And I was like, those odds are wrong. And they're not
going to be the same odds going into a rematch. Maybe they'll have Thomas slight favorite, maybe
it'll be more pickums, but I think maybe Tom will be a slight favorite going into the rematch. Like,
but this isn't going to be the same perception going into the next one. This is going to be a thing
where people are like, hang on, Garn might have the answer. Let's actually see how this goes. Like
people are maybe looking at this to say, okay, Tom's gonna buzz saw through Cyril Gone. I was very
worried because I knew Gone could give him a ton of problems. But I think the rematch is even bigger
now. So maybe they put it on a paramount card, maybe they build it up. Because right now in
heavyweight division, if they don't have Alex Pereira moving up to fight either of them, if they
don't have Jon Jones moving up to fight either of them, they have Volkov there, which would lead to
a Aspinall rematch with Volkov or it would lead to a Cyril Gone trilogy with Volkov. And that just
isn't appeasing right now at the heavyweight division. And maybe we'll get into the Volkov Almeida
thing.
[2101.04-2101.40] mighty: Yeah.
[2101.40-2183.06] guru: Because I know that was a bit of a moment. Maybe we'll go straight to that
after this. But I think it makes a bigger fight and I think it almost saves the heavyweight division
because it moments like this where something has to be rebooked, it's. It bides time, you know, it
almost buys the division time where we have these up and Comers, Volta Walker, Mario Pinto, and
these guys that are sort of coming up the division, and it sort of gives them time to get there.
Ante Delicious got fights coming up. And you even mentioned this. I wanted to mention this as well,
because Dana was sort of taking shots at Tom afterwards, and only, Only Tom knows, you know, and he
didn't want to continue and he was getting bloodied up. And all of this narrative that Dana was
saying, where normally you'd think our Dana would come out and say, it sucks eye pokes happen, but
then you mentioned before, Andy Aspinall was talking on interview about Tom going to boxing. You
know, I mean, Dana don't like that. Dana don't like that. Dana seeing the white and Ganu just shape
out the same way in his eyes. A couple fights left on contract. I'm going to go to boxing for more
pay. I don't want to fight Ante Delisia because he's my friend coming up, and I'm going to vacate if
Ante Delisia comes up. So Dana's probably thinking, no, the. You ain't, kid. No, you ain't. And then
he's on the microphone afterwards saying, yeah, Tom was getting busted up. I guess we'll have to
rebook it. Like, there's no favor from Dana for Tom, you know.
[2184.90-2220.50] mighty: Should there be favor? Like, you know, like, should he be like, I. I think
this is always the hardest thing and the one thing I've always not respected about Dana, but kind of
respected. It's like, should he be favorite? I. I think you always want to build the athlete up and
be like, you know, like you said, hey, guys, the eye poke happens. Only Tom Asimov could say it. But
I'll tell you right now, if I got poked in the fucking eye before coming and doing this goddamn
press conference, I'll tell you what, I would have come here and do it. I'm like, you don't have to
give me 20 minutes to recover. Granted, he's going to be in there like that. I. I just feel there's
something to be said that a promoter always kind.
[2220.50-2223.34] guru: Of, you know, keeps it neutral.
[2223.74-2240.34] mighty: Keeps it like, Keeps it neutral. Like, hey, man, it is what it is. I'll
get this fight rebooked soon as possible. Do I felt Tom could have fight on? I don't know. I've seen
guys do it before. I've seen it right? You know, I see them lose. I see them win sometimes 80, but.
[2240.34-2246.06] guru: More, more times that story, like, he overcame a foul and he still pulled it
off, like that's the narrative. Right?
[2246.19-2291.16] mighty: But I just think there's just too much risk to lose. Like, I feel like in
mma, like there's just, if you lose everybody, if it gets the eye poked, you know, him receiver is
about to fight again. Nobody remembers that he got Ty poked, you know, that he lost that fight. I,
I, you know, yeah, I, I hope they get rebooked soon and then we'll go from there. But I just, yeah,
yeah, but I think, I think it's smart that, you know, I always think it's smart that the two fights
under contract. There's way more money in boxing. Well, there's way more, there's way more potential
money to be made in boxing. I don't want to say there's more money to be made in boxing. There's
more potential money to be made in boxing. So we'll have to see how that plays out for Tom and
negotiation. He's still got two more fights and.
[2291.40-2414.02] guru: You know, that is a smart move from Tom. Can I tell you what's a dumb move
from his whole team? And this is from a Tom. I'm part of Tom Aspinall's team now. I don't know if
you're aware, but no, I'm, I'm actually Team Aspen out here, guys. So I'm speaking on B, but I think
part of the dumb, dumbest thing I've ever seen was I was watching Fight Week and I was thinking,
shut up, stop. You know how much this like, puts you in bad stead with Dana? Like you can talk about
these things. Hush, hush. No, Andy, Andy, calm down. At the interview that you're doing where he's
saying, yeah, we're going to go to boxing. That's good. Be good that go into boxing. Be good that
more money there. And he's talking about this and I'm like, dude, no, just hush, hush. Everybody
keep this hush. If that's the plan, you keep it real quiet. Yeah, but yeah, we're gonna resign.
We're gonna resign. And then behind the scenes you're kind of like, okay, what we really doing once
this contract runs out? Well, we signed Dana, don't worry about it. And then behind it, you've
almost, we've seen this before. I heard Tom on the interview saying, I'm not going to fight ante
delisure. If he comes up, I'll vacate the belt. And I'm like, oh, that's gonna make him. Dana's not
going to like that. Don't do that. And then I'm I'm seeing Andy saying, oh, we're going to go to
boxing after this contract's over. And I'm thinking, oh, you're gonna, you'll no way you're winning
a split decision. There's no chance you're winning a split decision here. And you said, you know,
you know, said Dana should keep it neutral. In my opinion, Dana not giving Tom favor is him just not
trashing him at the presser. This is Dana's standards that we got to consider here. Anyone else is
like, okay, they kept it neutral. They were even. But Dana keeping it neutral. To me, I'm like, come
on, don't on him at the press conference. But I get why. Because Tom's existence has given him
nothing but strife over the past two years. I bet you there was a few year period where he was
showing up to a press conference and thinking, please no Tom Aspinall, Jon Jones. Questions please.
No Tom Aspen, Jon Jones. So there is sort of this like Tom has become like the, the thorn in his
side or the, the stone in his shoe that he's just like, I almost wish G would head kick this cunt
out cold. You know what I mean?
[2414.26-2426.98] mighty: But it wasn't, it wasn't Tom's fault that he was throwing in his side. It
was more that he was trying to make that match between Tom Aspen on Jon Jones. So anything, it was
Jon Jones being thrown in his side just because he was indecisive of what he wanted to do.
[2427.06-2499.87] guru: Not his precious Jon Jones. DJ We've been over this. Not his precious. Don't
talk about boo like that. You don't talk about his boo like that ever again. But. But yeah, that's
the narrative. I also think in the fight itself, I think, you know, both of them are normally
fighting ply plodsters as Lucas Tracy would call it. And they all like sort of trudge forward and G
and Aspen. I don't mean to call the other heavyweights fat, but it is funny to watch. It is funny to
watch Aspen, Al and G get caught in their orbit. And I'm not even joking. They're literally orbiting
them like a planet in the center of the Octagon as they waddle around coming forward and garner
Aspen. I was scooting around and scooting around and when you get two movers, it almost becomes like
a. Like we were watching two beyblades go round. Yeah, I mean, let it rip. And then gone and Aspen
out like circle him round and gone. Circling more and it becomes like this sort of like gyroscope, I
think, is the term for it, where Tom's sort of, like, circling to where normally he would be cutting
an angle on a blob of a heavyweight, like a big blobster. But then there's Cyril gone, who's kind of
circling with him, so it's almost throwing it off. And we get this sort of, like, weird look of a
fight. Like, have you ever done that thing you play games, you know, when it tracks what your mouse
is doing?
[2500.11-2500.59] mighty: Yep.
[2500.59-2644.73] guru: The heavyweight blobs ain't doing much on that mouse. We're getting, like, a
cross on their review, but this one's, like, squiggling all over the place. Everyone's all over.
Garm was getting loose. I think it was better than people thought, though. A lot of people had this
narrative that Garm was busting him up. And I think the nose busted is a bad look for Tom, of
course, because we've never seen him. It's like a khabib. If you saw her be bleed in a fight, you're
going, oh, yep. Oh. We never seen him in any kind of danger in the ufc. That is. He's lost before.
And obviously he had his knee blow apart before, but seeing his nose blood, he was like, oh, my God.
Guns. Gun's done that. Gun's done that too. And that's big. And I thought gone was winning around
because of it, but I also thought that Garm was going to be just kicking at him and teeping at him
and doing all of this, and then Tom would just catch him. Or G was going to be doing a whole bunch
of this and winning the whole thing. And then Tom was going to blast a double and get him down.
Kamora. That was my prediction. He would get him in a kamora from, like, a body lock takedown. And
that was my take on the fight. But what I saw was I saw Tom throwing low kicks. G was throwing jabs,
G caught him with a left hand early. Tom's front kick in the body, and I'm like, dude, guy, the
guy's front kicking s G in the body here. This is actually pretty good from Tom. And then he's low
kicking him, and I'm like, damn, that low kick's pretty good. Then G would land another stinging jab
and another jab to the body. He was going low and high with the jab quite a lot. And then Tom would
land a head kick and then look for his onew. But the onewouldn't land. But I'm like, dude, Tom's
throwing head kick. So it was almost like, I'm unimpressed that we've gone past three minutes,
because that's the standard that Tom set. But I'm also kind of like he's spinning around. He's
getting like. He threw a spinning back kick to the body on Cyril Garn and caught him circling. And
I'm thinking to myself, compared to what I watched in Jones vs. Miocic, this is the peak heavyweight
scrap. Them circling around, you know, I mean, Jones, Miocic, round two. We want to talk about, you
know, the heavyweight division looking bad. That was the heavyweight division looking bad. Seeing
John plot around and, like, scarper away from Stipe while he sort of, like, what runs him down like
a young whipper snapper that Jones is compared to Stipe, I guess. And Stipe's, like, throwing shots
and then watching Garn get loose and go to their body in the head and go to the oblique kick. And
Tom's out there, low kicking, moving, spinning, back kick to the body, head kick, looking for the 1,
2, 3, afterwards. It's like, this is peak heavyweight stuff.
[2644.97-2645.33] mighty: Yeah.
[2645.33-2658.99] guru: And I think the narrative before was that the division's dead. The
division's dead. Tom's gonna bust through the whole division. Even D.C. said it. Right shoulder. We
know about that. Put his hand on top. I ain't taking it down, buddy.
[2658.99-2745.02] mighty: No, hey, it's a good. You know what? And I applaud you for not. For not
doing that, because now it's everywhere. It is everywhere. It's. But it's the truth, right? Like,
you can't. Once you say something on the Internet, it stays there forever, right? And right now, MMA
media is. It's like a hot fire. You know, people watch my show, they watch your show, and whatever
we say, it catches and they take it and they put something I said Mario Batista should not respect.
Umar Nurgamedov MMA fighting. Another channel grabbed it, and they're like, oh, he met. You know,
we'll get to that fight in a little bit. But, you know, I agree with you. The way Sir Gant and Tom
Asphalt were moving was probably the peak of the division. Sirogan is very athletic. I will put him
like his movement. He needs that movement. Where Jon Jones is more of a plotty guy. Jon Jones has
always been very plotted. He's never been a, you know, a loose guy on his feet, high on the toes. He
throws high kicks. He throws a jab. Same with DC. DC's kind of plotted, but he is light on his feet.
Where Tom and Sir gone, they've always been light on their feet. They're always had dynamic, dynamic
movement. But that's why I think Tom had a harder time. He's never fought somebody who moves like
Sir God, but I guarantee next time they fight, he's going to come more prepared for that, as Sir God
has always fought guys who either plot or move just as good as him.
[2745.02-2867.89] guru: Yeah, but I think it's like Tom. Tom normally punches through some
heavyweight's head as they're coming at him. Like, he goes straight through Pavlovich's head while
Pavlovich is like pushing him with a jab, and then boom, he gets drummed off his head. And, you
know, even Taibura, I almost feel like Thomas moments isn't even sleeping. These guys on the feet
necessarily against Pavlovichi did. And against some other fighters, he did as well. But there's a
few other fighters, like with Collier, Tibura and Spivak that he fought where you're kind of just
impact knocking them down to the ground with your fist. It's not like he's clipping them on the chin
and spinning their jaw and they go like that. He's almost punching right through their head. And
just the pure impact of his punch is like sending them to the canvas to where then he can swarm, you
know what I'm saying? So that was almost like a new thing for him where he can't punch through Cyril
Gan's head. He's just breaching Cyril Garn's chin. And he's not getting enough because gun's so
elusive. He's not punching straight through Cyril. Guns jewelry landed one good shot that got a
reaction out of Gun, but it wasn't at the range that he's used to, to where he can just sort of
drive through him and guns on the canvas. And now Tom's sprinting towards him like he does, like
Herb Dean trying to stop a fight, running over to Cyril, gone and just swinging on him. So I like
what we saw, and I like that dc, I like the whole thing with DC saying this whole division, you can
go on a generational run. And then everyone was kind of like, this division. He's right, you know,
jail and can't fight. He was saying, yeah, DC's an oracle. He's a prophet. The prophecy was written
by DC right there. But, yeah, he was sort of like saying that to Tom. And I like this because now
we're like, hang on a second. Have you might be right good. No, but jailton but now you're like,
hang on a second. Yeah, we actually have some interesting matchups here. And everything's
interesting at heavyweight. So I think it kind of reset to where now we're like, this is a. This is
a division with a lot of killers in it, and Garn is one of them. And he's not just some side quest
for Aspinall to complete before he moves on to a Pereira or a Jones.
[2868.05-2936.83] mighty: Well, think about it. It's such a big thing that happened that we've been
waiting for a long fucking time to see him fight, Okay? A long fucking time. And this is what we
get. We get four minutes. So who knows how long we're gonna wait for. Let's touch on the. The combat
event with Mackenzie Dern taking on Averna. You know, I just feel like when I was watching it, I
felt like Mackenzie Dern obviously beat her. She out, he. She outshot her with the jab out, Potter
with the jab moving. And I just felt like they were both even. Like, I didn't feel like one
outshined the other, you know what I mean? Where, like, if away Lee was in there, I think Weili
would. You see the speed difference? You would see the transition of like a head and arm. You know,
I take you down a combinations, the knee. I just felt like Weili is just so much like, I got
stratosphere above these guys, these girls. Excuse me. When I watch him, I was like, I. I felt like
I would. They were both even. And I felt like Mickey's Dern just did a better job of Ipman in her
game plan. Like, great fight. But I wasn't like, oh, man, she blew her out the water.
[2937.07-2963.89] guru: Yeah, there was no, like, levels above type performance. Like, ah, this is
the champ. This is the one that separated herself from the division. Whereas when Zhang Weili
finished in Drage and then. Oh, yeah, you know, then it was her and Rose and it was like, yeah,
these two girls are just kind of better than the rest of them below. Even Yanni and J, when she kind
of went on her run at Straw weight, it was like, yeah, she's just different than the. She was
beating the out of these poor girls. I remember that. Remember when Yanni and J was in her prime and
she was teeing off against these girls up against the cage.
[2964.29-2976.05] mighty: Oh, yeah. And then she would tee off and as she's teeing up, she will get
more distance between her and her girl. And then she was still a body kick, head kick. And then the
judge like, okay, I'M not going to see this beat down anymore.
[2976.05-2977.07] guru: This is horrific.
[2977.70-3053.22] mighty: Yeah. And that's where, like, when I was watching this, Mackenzie Durant,
she's very good, you know, first person to have all those accolades, you know, IBJJF world champion,
ADCC champion, and then also UFC champion. That's a very, very amazing accomplishment to do that.
But it's almost like I think about Michael Wandover when he talks about, you know, right now, Eli de
Poirier is a lightweight champion of the world. But Izzy, though, because Islam Makhachev was a
champion, he just relinquished a belt. So when I think about McKenzie, Duran and Werner, it's like,
are they truly the champion or is it's a placeholder for Weili? You know, when she. When she comes
back, she comes back, beats the bricks off. Like, I feel like I'll be an asshole, where it's like,
I'm gonna go up and try this belt. You win that belt. I was like, I don't want you guys to be
champion. Come back down there just to beat you guys, just because you guys. I just don't know. So
that's. That's a hard thing. Like, when I was looking at the rankings and I saw it was Mackenzie
Derns and, you know, Werner fighting for the belt, and I was just like, ah, God, I just wish we. Lee
would have stayed there. But, you know, great fight. Congrats to both of them. I thought it was an
amazing, amazing opportunity for McKees Dern to be able to get the belt because she already beat
Verna once, so she was able to dial it in a little bit better than coming to victory in the Gold.
[3053.30-3083.27] guru: It was kind of a similar fight, really. It was, but I think Jandarova kind
of controlled the grappling a bit more. Like, she had more top position. She got the takedowns, and
that was kind of my take. That's why I picked up Jand Roba, because I was saying, even though she
lost the first fight, I think that she's sort of. She's going to be able to get top position. And
normally when it's close or maybe move on. Normally when it's close, you get top position and you
win. You know what I mean? Because it's close, they don't know who to go with. Somebody got to take
down, especially in. And I hate to do this, but especially in women's mma.
[3083.59-3084.03] mighty: Yep.
[3084.03-3164.36] guru: There's almost like this thing in women's MMA where unless one girl's
completely styling on the other, if it is a competitive round on the feet, and one of them happens
to get a takedown at the end, the judges, you'll just go, oh, what? Oh, she's on top. Okay, we'll
give her that round 10, nine. You know, and that's kind of what he just wakes up, oh, takedown
happened. My bad. But I think what. What the problem was is just D had more hustle. That's what it.
And that's weird to me. I thought that Verna would have a bit more push to, like, she needs this
because, you know, D's got things going for her, let's just say. Okay. So I thought Verna was like,
this is her life. Like, she's gonna. She needs this world championship. So I was like, vernon's
gonna have the hustle. Dunn's, you know, Dunn's prioritizing other things is what I was thinking.
Like, Darren's doing more squats than Verna's doing takedown things. And, you know, Dan's getting
the implants, Vernon's not getting the implants, and it's just like, eh. So I feel like I thought
Verna would have more hustle, but it was done. That was actually damaged off bottom. Like, Verna
would get on top, and then she would kind of relinquish position because Dern would, like, get wrist
control and then just start hammer fisting her in the face or elbowing her. And it was like, oh,
she's winning that exchange now. Like, Verna's not getting anything out of this. She's not passing
into dominant position. She's just there. And then she would stand up. And to me, that looks like a
loss. You know when you stand up out of someone's guard and go, oh, yeah.
[3164.36-3165.40] mighty: I don't really like this.
[3165.48-3190.00] guru: Especially when you've been hit a couple of times and then you get up, the
judges look at that and they go, oh, she didn't like that. And she kind of gave up a good position.
She had a dominant position because she felt like she was losing the exchange, and she was losing
the exchange on the ground. So I think that's really what it came down to is that Dern had more
hustle, and Werner didn't really do enough with top control. But, yeah, and there wasn't much top
control. She'd only get a takedown for, like, 30 seconds.
[3190.16-3190.64] mighty: Yeah.
[3192.48-3224.17] guru: It'S a different argument because he had. He had top control for, like, four
minutes of round three. But I think that's what it sort of came down to in the fight is that, yeah,
they went with Mackenzie Dern and I agree with them. I think she won 41 if I had to score it. So I
thought it was pretty clear. But I agree there holding the belt Shang way regardless what happens to
Chefchenko, come back. Come back to us at straw weight. We can't have this. We can't have this. I
was looking at the rankings for, like, next opponents for D, and I'm thinking, oh, God, it's Tatiana
Suarez is up next. Huh? She just. She just lost.
[3225.61-3236.66] mighty: You know, I wouldn't mind seeing Tatas worst versus Berkezi Duran. I think
that'd be great fight if Tatianasaurus come. I feel like Tether Soares, you know, if she comes back
and who did she just fight?
[3237.78-3246.62] guru: She just fought. No, she lost to Weili, but then I think she fought like Yan
Xiao Nan or something.
[3246.62-3307.87] mighty: I understand. I don't know. I think. I feel like that'll be great fight
because I feel like the wrestling and her. The dog in her will be a great. A great battle between
those two. Granted, you know, because Darren has jiu jitsu background, but Tata Suarez is a big,
big, big athlete. Like, she's long. She's got great wrestling. I would love to see that fight. I
think that'll be a good fight to, you know, obviously Weili, I think, beats McKenzie Dern, but I
don't think Weyli's gonna come back down. But I'm okay. Seeing Tata Suarez versus McKenzie Derns, I
just. I feel that there's not enough the pull. The talent pool for women's MMA just hasn't got to
where it is in mixed martial arts. Like, I. You know, recently we've been seeing Ronda Rousey hit
pads and move around, you know, training mixed martial arts. And I feel if Ronda Rousey came back
today, I feel she would probably be a champion. Like, I tell far I feel women's MMA has gone. It
hasn't evolved, that if Amanda Nunes wanted to come back, I think she would probably be a world
champion.
[3308.03-3308.67] guru: I agree with that.
[3309.15-3350.61] mighty: Like, I just feel like. I think Rhonda just had to get past the strike it
ability and getting hit in the face. But there's not a lot of girls out there who are fucking
sleeping people, right? It's very rare you see a girl like Amanda Nunes who's like. Like, last one
after I could think about Amanda Nunes is Holly Holm, right? Like, name another woman out there off
the top of your mind that's like, maybe Stamp Fairtex, but other than that, I can't think of
Somebody's like, boom. Oh, she's asleep. Like, it's very, very rare to find that. So. But I feel
women's MMA hasn't evolved. Like, it hasn't like men's. It has, because I just think the tall pool
is not as big. So top dance words versus dern. I'm okay with it.
[3350.93-3421.50] guru: All right. I need to let me cure. I must have autism, because that was
bugging me for the past five minutes there. Lemos. Amanda Lemos is who she fought Tatiana Suarez.
She beat Amanda Lemos. It doesn't even mean anything, but to me, it does. Dj, this means something
to me. I had to be correct there because, God, I said Yan Xiao Nan. But Amanda Lemos. Yeah, she beat
Amanda Lemos. But, yeah, I don't. I agree with you. But I don't know if Ronda Rousey would come back
and be a champion, but only because I think she would lose to Kayla Harrison. Like, if Kayla
Harrison wasn't around, I reckon she probably beat the top contenders and maybe she'd beat Raquel
Pennington. You know, I mean, like, yeah, she was in her prime. If she was in prime Rousey came
back. I don't know if she came back at this point in her life, but if Prime Rousey were to just be
re. Summoned in the cage against Juliana Pena, Pennington, Caitlin Vieira, I think she could do
quite well against them, you know, And Nunes. I think definitely the case with Nunes is clear. If
she just walks back in, she could literally have a beer in one hand, and I just smoke Pennington
with one hand while keeping her at bay. And, like, you know, she'd have a baby in one hand and just
clean Juliana Pena's chin off with the other one, I reckon it'd be quite easy for me forever.
[3422.46-3455.03] mighty: There's a point now where it's like I. I said this. I know we're going off
a tangent, but I mean, I was like, man, I think it's a bad fight for Kaylee Harrison to fight Amanda
Nunes, but I'm changing my tone. I'm changing my tone. Kayla Harrison's a competitor. And I feel.
And I. I've seen firsthand in person, seen Amanda Nunes get broke. I've seen her get broken by
another athlete. That's. That's. That's athletic, that's determined, that can wrestle, that can take
it to her. Like, take the fight to her.
[3455.35-3457.91] guru: Yeah, Kazingano, you're saying, Kaz.
[3457.91-3576.26] mighty: Yeah, I was there alive. I was. Yeah, I was there alive, and I never
Forget walking out. That's why I miss the old days of the ufc. You would fight in a hotel. Then
after that, like that's, that's the interesting thing about the UFC is like you would, the athletes
would fight and then we would literally be in a hotel like having Haagen Dazs ice cream. Just
sitting there and with all the fans and then we're just so accessible. But I remember walking past
men Nunez as she got beat when her cats are going to fight. So I feel my tune. I think if those two
fight, I think would be a more competitive fight where before I thought a minute might blow Kaylee
Harrison out. But let's move on. Congrats to McKenzie Dern. Let's go on. I think the Mario Batista
versus Umar Nagomedov was probably my favorite fight to watch just because the technique that was
displayed of how Mario Bertisa took the fight to Umar Nagomedov, right. Umar's grappling is just so
much better than Marbatista that once he got him down, he took the back. But then there was a point
in transition at the beginning of the fight when he threw that kick. Umar took him down, he went
after the legs. He had a beautiful deep toehold. And then Umar Nagarmedov was able to get out of it.
And through that transition he was able to pass the guard and end up in north south. But I felt the
way that Mario Bautista fought Umar Nurgamirov was a smart way to fight it because you have to force
the fight with, with an athlete like that. But once he gets his back, he locks up that body
triangle, then you're fucking playing for dear life. You're trying to get him off your back. You're
going to the right, you're going to the left. Fighting the hands. And I felt that with that X factor
of the wrestling, if Martisa was able to out, you know, after the fight, when you look at Umar, he
was gassed like he was like, whoo. Yeah, that boy was a lot tougher than I thought it was going to
be. And I think it's because how Marbatisa approached that fight by just taking it to Umar.
[3576.34-3635.62] guru: Merav's watching that post fight speech saying, breathing heavy are we?
Umar, he's working, he's just went for a run. After seeing Umar's went for a run during Durn versus
Jandarova came back for the main event, I swear. But yeah, I, I think I agree. I actually liked Umar
versus. You know what, Normally I'm like, ah, they're grappling but with this, it was like such a
stark difference from Nov. Of Almeida scrambles. Oh, I was like, you know what? This is fun as.
Especially because Mario Batista was like. It was almost like a. There was this stubbornness in him.
I've got newfound respect for Mario Batista for sure after this one. He didn't lose much stock to
me, you know, by losing here, because it was like, man, he really did not give in anything. Like,
there was no. Oh, you've got me down. All right, well, two minutes left. I guess next round we'll
work on, you know, we're back on the feet the next round and I'll try things again. Because if you
do that, the guy is not working. That's on you.
[3635.86-3636.30] mighty: Yep.
[3636.30-3848.26] guru: And he's going to be fresh for that next round too. But it takes more energy
to get to those positions. So Mario is almost operating under the condition of I'm gonna just out
hustle him. Like, if he wants to get to these dominant positions on me, good luck. I'm gonna shake
it off. I'm gonna go for the toe hold. I'm gonna scramble around with him. I'm gonna fight the hands
back. And even when he had his back taken, he's fighting the legs. Umar's gotta like. It's not like
Umar's sitting there going, I work so hard for this position. There's none of that for Uma there.
It's like, oh, God, he's actually actively escaping this. And if I'm not careful, he might turn
around, end up on top two on one. He was getting. He was trying to fight the. The body lock as well
with his legs and sort of grind into it on the ground and then shake the other way. Umar had to keep
switching the body triangle on the. On the back take. And he was hustling good on that body lock.
Mario Batista. So I love that. I love the hustle from him. The never say give in to a position, but
Umar is just one step ahead. And that's what these Dagestani guys are. That's what these caucus
wrestlers are. Is like. Or maybe even not even a caucus wrestler thing because we. Sweet. We see a
lot of it from like the team. This is the Team Habib type thing where they are just that they are
that bit better. Like, it's not like there's a. It's not like, oh, just because you have the surname
doesn't make you good. Turns out having the Nurmagomedov surname does make you pretty good because
Umar was. It's Like, Mario was making a move and Uma's already there to the next position. He's got
to escape. And it was like, once you're in that scramble with him, unless you're marab and you can
move faster than they can at a pace higher than they can, once you're in that position with them,
it's like they're on the next bit. Even Sandhagen did this. He was like Granby rolling over
takedowns. Anuma would still find a way to be on his back or get his body lock and hold position and
stay on top and get around an angle, get over his legs and get onto top position. So even though
Umar won, I had him win in rounds one and three, and there's even an argument like he won the
majority of round two anyway. But the. The. The one moment that is like a oh, my God. Was when Mario
hopped on a mushroom and caught him straight in the face with a jump near. Down goes Uma Nama to the
ground. And that was the shocking moment, right? Because Umar's recovery is actually pretty damn
good. It's been like twice he's been dropped like that now in fights and go on, no way. No. And for
lesser fighters, that's where they go, ah, I've been dropped, so I'm on my back now. But for Umar is
like, oh, Habib's watching. He's back up on his feet. You don't want to get. You want to be looking
like a fool in front of your boy. Habib, you can get a whooping backstage. I know that's coming for
Uma. So, yeah, he got dropped by Mario without jump near, and he sort of sank to the ground and then
went, oh, pop right back up, gets to it, shoots in. It's like, ah, man. Nearly had him there for a
second. Same way Almakun or Ben, I think his name is. Caught him with a right hand just behind the
ear. Umar got dropped for a second, and then, boom, just shoots straight in on the hips. Like, it's
almost like they're just born to do that, is just get straight on their hips. Because second, his
eyes came back too. He was like, double leg. And me, I wouldn't even be surprised if he shot a
takedown on the midwife that delivered him out of the womb. You know what I mean? Like, it's on
screen. It's. It's a. Well, is a dagestanius on me. Forget boy or girl that's coming out of this
thing. He's like, immediately shot out of there. Only the umbilical cord held him back. But. But
yeah, the second his eyes came back away, he went straight in on the hips of Mario. But go on a bit
more about Mario and Uma.
[3848.58-3862.35] mighty: I think Mario impressed a lot of people because I thought, you know, if
when Mario went there and actually took the fight to him, he had a lot of success. And like you said
before, I don't think his stock would down any. I think people probably respect him even more now.
[3862.51-3862.91] guru: Right.
[3863.39-3903.99] mighty: And I think that was probably the biggest moment for him in that fight.
Well, two, the biggest moment that pressed me was him not being, not accepting the position, going
for the toehold, always trying to fight, making Umar work for that position. And when he threw that,
that, that knee kick that kind of landed on the chin and dropped him, that was probably the best
moments in him not giving up. But when I watched that fight, the biggest thing that took from that
fight and I was like, I'm curious what's going to happen. Umar fights Merab D Volashvillier next.
Because when you look at it too, Merab has been way more active. He's going to fight again before.
You know Umar fights again.
[3903.99-3904.15] guru: Right.
[3904.15-3938.62] mighty: He's fighting in December and we're seeing Merab get better and better and
better. You look what Merab did to Corey Sandhagen and what Umar did to Corey Sandhagen. He took the
fight. He almost knocked out Corey Sandhagen. Right. And when him and Umar, if Murab gets past Peter
Yarn, which I'm predicting he will. When Umar and Merab fight again, I bet you Merab is going to
force the fight to stay on defeat. And I would not be shocked. I'm going on it. I'm going to say it
now. I would not be shocked if Merab knocks out Umar.
[3938.78-3941.02] guru: Yeah. Or at least the reason why drops him in the fight.
[3941.02-3993.12] mighty: Go give the reason why these drop in a fight. The reason why is because
Merab can. He has an answer for the wrestling. He can. That was when they first fought. He was able
to stuff to take down or if he got takedown, pop up to the feet and they will start engaging again.
Merab has got more comfortable on the feet and throwing way heavier hands where he's going to first.
He's going to force Umar to do that where Mar Batista was trying to force Umar to do it. And what
did Umar do? He went to wrestling. He was like, I don't want to do this. I'm going to the
restaurant, I'm going to go to the wrestling I think Umar is going to be able to do that to Merab,
and Merab's going to force him to stay on the feet. So after watching that fight, I was like, I
think Merab could potentially knock out Umar Nagarmanov if he's able to. If. If Murab is able to
fight Umar like he fought Corey Sandhagen, I think Murab can potentially knock out Umar Nagomedov.
[3993.20-4201.65] guru: Yeah. Yeah. Or at least hurt him on the feet enough to, like, be a. A factor
in the fight and how it's judged. My thing is with Umar, you know, you said Marab did beat up on
Sandhagen, which Umar never did, but no, Marab did lose rounds to Cory Sandhagen, which Umar never
did. So it is a thing to where, like, is Umar going to be able to get those first three before Morab
really kicks in? But it seems like Marab's kicking in sooner these days. It's like, it used to be a
thing where, like, oh, dude, once round three comes along, you're in some real trouble with
Marabout. But now I feel like he's just sort of like, all right, round two's on. I'm gonna get
going. Like, I've had my feeling out round. So it's that. It's that balance of Izuma going to be
able to sort of keep Merab at bay for long enough to get the points he needs, or is Murab going to
get going sooner enough to where this isn't just a win, it's a. It's a dominant performance. And I
like what you said about the hands he's thrown with a lot more mustard on his shots, we like to call
it, where he throws with a lot more heat on his shots, where he just sort of stings him in. And one
thing I loved about this, and I was going to mention this in a Mario Batista fight, is there were
moments in the fight where Umar would get back up from a wrestling exchange, and he. And this is
Umar's body language, but he did the same thing against Marab as well. He kind of starts hunching
over a bit, and his arms, he start. He kind of starts, like, trying to get rid of the lactic acid
out of his arms, and guys pick up on that. And Marab picked up on it. And he started throwing right
hooks to the body on Uma a ton. And he landed so many of them. If you watch back Murad versus Uma,
he was ripping rear right hooks to the body on Uma so much in that fight. Eventually he ended up
bringing it upstairs and stinging Umar in round five and then pointing at him. But he kept ripping
these right hooks to the body. I wish strikers that fought wrestlers that have done all that hard
work to get separation understood the value in going to the body with hooks. Even though it's risky
and even though you know it's risky to just go into the body, because you could get clipped,
especially with Umar's lead head kick or whatever he could catch you with while you dip into that,
it's something you have to risk because I honestly believe this. I don't think I've heard. People
must have said this before, but I've always said this. If you go to the body against a guy who you
know is going to shoot on you, once you pressure him, you swing over the top, he's on your hips. If
you go for the head and he shoots under, he's on your hips. If you go with a hook to the body. When
you're fighting a wrestler that's been constantly shooting, not only do you land and it can affect
the cardio of them, that's going to make their posture worse and then you can deal with the
takedowns a little bit better. But if they do shoot, when you go for that punch, you kind of have
like a natural underhook in a way. If you've thrown at their body and they try and shoot under what
they think might be a punch coming their way, and you're actually winging it to the body like Merab
was sneaking in on Uma, which he did so well. When Umar would try and shoot in to stop the pressure
of Morab when he was going to the body like that, Morab would kind of just land that body shot and
then just go right under hooks there, underhooks there. I can stop that takedown. I can shoot my own
single leg, dunk him, point him on the ground. So I, I, I wish Mario would have gone to the body
more, but I think that's what Marab did well, and I think, I think that's something that Umar's team
are going to have to be like, right? We got to figure out a way to punish him for constantly going
to that body, whether it be something mean and nasty on the feet, whether it be a different way of
shooting, a different way of eng. But yeah, I mean, I'm intrigued by the rematch. I will say. Let me
know what you think about this. Not now, Umar. One more, I think, oh, who would he fight, though?
[4201.73-4202.69] mighty: Who would he fight?
[4205.09-4207.33] guru: O' Malley's an option, but I doubt they do it.
[4209.41-4216.14] mighty: I will love that fight. I think the rumors on the the streets is that I
think it's gonna be Sonia Dunk versus as Sean o'.
[4216.14-4219.02] guru: Malley. I might have started those rumors, by the way. I don't know.
[4219.02-4224.62] mighty: I think. I think they're listening to you. I think. Are you working on the
matchmaker room with the ufc? I think you might be guru.
[4224.62-4229.98] guru: I wish it'd be a easy job. I don't know how they get paid. Jesus.
[4230.14-4285.95] mighty: But I Love the Sean vs. Umar or Sonia Dong. So, you know, I. I think. I
think they might do that. I think the only problem you're going to run into is that Merab loves to
be active. He loves to be active. So they're just giving people like Peter Yan. I can't remember the
last time who he fought, but they're just giving me Rob people. So if Merab gets past Peter Yan and
then the rumors is that Sonia dawn versus Sean o' Malley might happen in January. So if that
happens, Umar likes to take a long time off before he fights again. He's not like a active fighter.
He's not fighting three times a year or you'd be lucky enough to see him fight twice a year. So I
think you can see, you know, maybe Umar just spot. What are we. We're in October. So Sonia Dong and
Sean fight in January. Then I can see those two locking heads in March. April, maybe. April, May.
That sounds. That sounds pretty good.
[4288.19-4291.79] guru: He wants another fight before Ramadan, which is what, February, I think.
Ramadan.
[4292.51-4330.78] mighty: Yeah. So that's. That's going to be kind of hard because Sean and I mean,
I would love to see him fight Sean. I would love to see him fight Son Yudong. I think those are good
opponents for him to fight. Yeah. But I would love to see him. I wouldn't be. I wouldn't be mad if
he got to fight one more time. Why not? But I just think the only that throws a monkey wrench in
there. Is that how active Merab life likes to be. Like Merab just loves to fight. Or they can have.
I mean, they can have Rob fight. Why not fight Sonia Dong. I mean, or whoever he could fight the
winner of if let's say Talot beats him. Give him. Give him that. Like.
[4330.78-4331.18] guru: No.
[4331.66-4332.30] mighty: Why not?
[4334.62-4350.78] guru: This is what it becomes, right? And I know what you mean because of the
activity of Marab. It's just like. Right. Who in the 7 to 10 range. We got to feed him something
because I feel like, he's just sort of like clawing at the doors of the matchmaker's office and
they're going, no, scram shoe. Like he's a pest.
[4351.10-4351.74] mighty: Exactly.
[4352.14-4388.66] guru: I feel like they're chasing Murab with a broom out of the matchmaker's
office. Like, we got nothing for you here. Like, give us. Exactly. Let me build a contender for you.
Don't ruin these guys. But that's what I think. That's why I think Umar should do one more. Because
Sean Murab can be active, but there's activity to a fault where it's fun. And it's great that he's
doing four fights in a calendar year. I think they said he was the first one to do that, but Tito
Ortiz also did it before, but he just did it with one of the fights coming in a previous year. So he
did it across 365 days. But Merab's done it in a calendar year. But the activity is just like it's.
[4388.74-4421.43] mighty: You can't. I don't think the matchmakers could keep up. They. They just
literally cannot keep up. So the only way they can, like in this timeline that me you were
discussing is you. After Murab beats. If he beats Peter Yan, I don't want to say he's gonna. He's
already beat him. If he beats Peter Yan, you gotta put him on ice. Send his ass on a war tour. Let's
work on sponsorships. Let's get this. Let's get him in a movie. Let's get him outside of the gym.
That way we can focus on. They can focus on. I'm just talking about, like, me and you, like, we run
the ufc. They can focus on building.
[4421.67-4423.11] guru: You revealed our secret.
[4423.27-4423.91] mighty: I know, right?
[4425.99-4434.95] guru: We told. Gone to. I poke him, dude. That was the fan all along, dude. Yes, I
know what you mean. Send him on a world tour. Yes. Give him a parade in Georgia.
[4434.95-4472.61] mighty: Yeah, exactly. That way we can focus on who's going to be next. Truly next
for him and give Umar an opportunity to fight somebody because after he beats Peter Yan, now that
you mentioned it, is Umar truly their number one contender? Like, I don't feel like that fight
between him and Mario Batista was like. Like Danny says, make me feel that this should be for the
number one contender. I like your idea. Let's get him one more to make me feel this is going to be
what it's going to be. So I think the only way it's going to happen is it's Merab's activity that's
making it hard for that to. To happen because like, I don't give a. Give me him. I beat him. I smash
him again. Right?
[4472.61-4474.25] guru: He said he gonna shoot me.
[4474.33-4474.77] mighty: Yeah.
[4474.77-4475.61] guru: Give me him.
[4475.69-4476.05] mighty: Yeah.
[4476.05-4510.24] guru: But yeah, I feel like his activity needs to be quenched. Like hit him with a
broom. Get him out of the matchmaker's office for a bit. The guy's camping outside of the
matchmaker's office at this point. So just scram, get out of here you. And we'll say, you know what,
the White House card. Will you wait for the White House card, Mara? Oh, this sounds good for a visa
photo. Visa maybe. And maybe he do it for a visa. I don't know how if he's got his visa yet. I'm
sure he does at some point. But you know, we're giving a green card, dude. Green cards up for grabs.
There's got to be something you can sort of like lure Merab with to be like, no, not eight weeks
from now. Please. We have no one.
[4510.24-4510.52] mighty: Yes.
[4510.52-4531.62] guru: We're gonna have to. We can't give you Amy and Zahabi marab for sake.
Please. So just. We can't run that marab that can't be on a pay per view. We need to work these guys
up. Yeah. So I feel like they've got to give Umar one more. I think song you dong? Because Figueo to
me would be like if Umar beats figure I think like ah, fig. He's deteriorating a bit at this point.
[4531.62-4531.94] mighty: Yeah.
[4531.94-4533.10] guru: You know I. I like to see.
[4533.26-4634.80] mighty: I like to see Figgy back down at 125. I think he's better suited for that
division just because I felt what made him scary in that division is because he hit so hard. I think
the guys at 135 he can hurt them but they're able to absorb way more damage where when he hit Joseph
Benavidez and he has a win over Alex Pantoja and he has athleticism, he has a grappling ability. But
I think the weight cut is just so hard for him. But I think his power transfers over well in 125 and
he's able to take the shots from those guys in 125. And there's still some compelling matchups
between him and Brandon Moreno even though they went back and forth a couple of times. So I like to
see Figueiredo at 125 where I think the Sonya Dung or Sean O'. Malley. I think that's the best
matchup for Umar Nagomedov. You got a big name. Sean o', Malley, very trickster on the feet.
Granted, we've seen Sean Omalley has a weakness on the grappling ability, but hopefully after the
last fight with Sean versus Merab, hopefully Sean's taking some time to really work on that
wrestling ability. And if Sean beats Umar and he's able to stop every takedown, knock out Umar
Nurmedov. Sean's on the mic. He goes, I'm the only one who could beat that fucking machine. Give me
that fight. He has a big star. He's already picked start. I could see them doing a third fight
versus Merab. Versus Merab. Or if Sonya Dung's able to go out there and just out, grapple, out,
throw. Sean o', Malley, he's been working a lot of his judo, been following him and seeing it. It's
looking great. He fights Umar Nurgomedov. He's fucking out, grappling Umar, throwing him on his
head. Sonia. Don goes, I think I deserve a shot. I just feel what you said in motion can really play
out to be a very, very good option for Murad.
[4634.80-4666.84] guru: Yeah. Glamour up. No Figueta. I feel like Figueiredo is going to stay at
bantam weight because the weight cut to 125 is so tough for him. But I also feel like Figueredo's in
the business of like, let me get paid, you know, I don't think Figueiredo's really thinking, next
fight I win, I'll be ready for marab at this point. So I'd like to see Uma fight a young Song Yudong
that is gonna. We can assume that Songyudong will be improved from his last fight based on how young
he is. Yeah, I think Song Yudong is like 25 years of age. I know they start. I think all Asian
people are like a year old than us, right?
[4667.08-4668.36] mighty: A year older than us.
[4669.00-4672.64] guru: Oh, because Chinese people one when they're born, right?
[4672.64-4677.28] mighty: Yes, because the nine months of the. Yeah, nine months to be born. And
yeah, so they're a year older.
[4677.28-4679.25] guru: But he's. He's still young in his 27.
[4679.37-4679.90] mighty: 27?
[4679.90-4716.87] guru: Yes, 27. I feel like he's been around for ages as well. Yeah, yeah. He's 27,
so I feel like you can assume he's still a young, improving fighter. So if Marat, if Umar goes out
there and beats him now, we can talk. And it hypes it up even more and it sort of gives the time for
Peyton Tabit to get up there for maybe as a Hobby to get up there for another one of these prospects
in a division to get to the top and provide some kind of new challenge for marab. Whereas if they
burn it all, now we're looking down to number nine in the rankings for an opponent, and it's just
like, ah, this is a mess. This is a real mess. So I think give him our song. You're dong. Give o',
Malley, Amy and Zahabi or, you know, the winner of Cejudo Taba.
[4717.35-4717.75] mighty: Yeah.
[4717.75-4736.44] guru: O' Malley versus Taba. O' Malley versus Hudo. The talkings there. Maybe give
o' Malley Figueiredo. Yeah, that's also a good fight. That's a fun fight for Figueiredo as well. I
think that's something that would interest him, a striker, someone who's going to mix up with him on
the feet a little bit. So, yeah, yeah, there's a lot to do. Or o' Malley Sandhagen, which people
have wanted for so long.
[4736.44-4737.16] mighty: Yeah, yeah.
[4737.16-4742.32] guru: In January, because you got to consider Umar wants to fight before Ramadan,
which is in the middle of February.
[4742.32-4742.80] mighty: Yep.
[4743.20-4754.80] guru: UFC Paramount card is in Las Vegas. Or no, is in Los Angeles. The first one
in January is in la. California. O' Malley fights out of Arizona. That's local to him. Ish enough,
right?
[4755.44-4755.80] mighty: Yeah.
[4755.80-4764.81] guru: California is like a local state. Ish. A neighboring state to him. Then
you've got Uman Amakamedov. Wants to fight before Ramadan, January. Also, AKA is in la.
[4764.89-4765.65] mighty: La. Yep.
[4765.65-4765.89] guru: Right.
[4765.89-4766.73] mighty: Yep, yep.
[4767.05-4768.05] guru: That works as well.
[4768.05-4768.49] mighty: Yeah.
[4768.65-4773.69] guru: Because you gotta think about those things with, like, what states they want
to pay taxes in if they're gonna have to get a flight.
[4773.69-4781.97] mighty: You don't want to fight. You don't want to fight in California because
they tax you 8% off top of your purse. Right off the rip. So nobody likes fighting California.
[4781.97-4784.25] guru: So you know what I mean? Local.
[4784.41-4784.89] mighty: Yes.
[4784.89-4796.98] guru: Local can be a benefit because AKA is in the Bay Area, but close enough, I
guess. Little differences. Nick. Nick. Like there's a difference. I don't know what the Bay Area is,
but. Yeah, I guess it's close to la, but same state. Right?
[4796.98-4797.38] mighty: Yep.
[4797.38-4817.83] guru: I'm just thinking local. Local wise, he knows the. He knows the roads. He's
from there. Yeah, but. But locally, that's what would work, you know? And then you could have Umar,
AKA his whole fight camp, and then he just sort of gets down to the Bay Area, enjoy some coconuts on
the beach. So that's a good one. But now we can move on. Just now we've discussed all of that.
There's no.
[4817.83-4822.23] mighty: There's no coconuts on the beach in la. Even though there's palm trees.
There's. There's no coconuts.
[4822.23-4845.79] guru: But they sell them. Oh, they do ship them from Hawaii, you know, I mean,
they'll sell them there. They'll do something. They'll figure something out for great. For the great
Uman amigamedov. If he gets. If he wants coconuts, he's getting. That's what. That's what Uma says.
But, yeah, we can. You know, that's what I think. Give it time. Let it brew. Let it build. Because I
saw that and I thought, oh, you're breathing heavy. My Rob's licking his lips.
[4846.10-4846.42] mighty: Yeah.
[4846.82-4884.08] guru: Oh, Mario Batista's giving you resistance in the grappling. That doesn't
both. I need to see him lock down someone in the grappling. Show more control. Show. Have them make
less. Like. Like, I know Mario Batista is good, but we're talking about Marab Devlash here. That's
the problem that we have in this division, where you can look good against Mario Batista, look good
against him. But this is Marab. This is a different beast that we're dealing with here. So. And
also, he got dropped. So if he would have finished Uma or if you would have choked him out. And now
we're like, oh, Umar's been working on his submission game. Umar's been working on his back takes
and positional control, although he did so show some of it.
[4884.08-4884.40] mighty: Yeah.
[4884.40-4887.28] guru: I just think the narrative could be more. If he's coming off a finish.
[4887.28-4887.60] mighty: Yeah.
[4887.60-4914.48] guru: If he's coming off of a. A greater win where he doesn't get knocked down and
it's bruised because things brew. Yeah. Even though the fights happen, narratives are what makes
this sport constant. You know, where. Even when it's a dead weekend. Like, these next two weekends
are dog cards. Maybe we'll talk about that at the end. But these next two weekends are so bad that
narratives are what all. We'll have to warm us by the campfire while we're in a wasteland of the UFC
these next two weeks. So.
[4914.48-4915.52] mighty: Yep. Absolutely.
[4915.52-4918.32] guru: Yeah, I think that. But we can move on to Volkov Almeida.
[4918.32-4922.92] mighty: Yeah. I'm gonna lie to you. I'm shocked that Almeida did not get the
decision. I'm not gonna lie to you.
[4922.92-4923.36] guru: I'm not.
[4924.24-5030.42] mighty: 10 minutes. 10. I think it was 10 minutes and 48 seconds of control time.
Imagine that. I controlled you more than half of the fucking fight. Like, when I saw that, I almost,
like I feel when a point now, and I had Luke Thomas on the show, I feel like we're in a point now
that we totally disregard jiu jitsu and a certain aspect that I'm so tempted to come out of fucking
retirement and fight somebody and not land one strike on him. Like, just slip, take him down, hold
him, pass his guard, hold him. He turtles, get his back, hold him. And then he turns, hold him.
Round ends, shoot, take him down, hold him the whole fucking time. Not even. Not even punch him. Not
even. Not even try to submit him. And they get up and I want them to raise my hand and they'll be
like, oh, my God, Dimash Johnson, you beat him by control. I was like, yeah, I could have broke his
fucking neck. I could have punched him in the face. But I feel like. I feel like after watching that
fight, granted, I'm not saying Jotaramed is some grappling guru who went out there and passed his
guard, got to side control, mounted him, you know, postured up a Jon Jones elbow from 12 to 6. He
didn't do all that, but he controlled this man for more than half of the fight. 10 minutes, 48
seconds. Viewers, let me remind you guys, the fight is 15 minutes, okay? If you're in bed with your
wife and you're pounding it for 10 minutes and 48 seconds, and she gets up after 15 minutes, says,
huh, that was horrible work. Got to rethink that. But I'm shocked that he did not get crazy.
[5031.46-5101.62] guru: I mean, honestly, the way Jailton was flattened, it was kind of in a
romantic sense, in a way. I don't mind the comparison there. Crazy, crazy analysis there. I. I hear
what you're saying. He did control him in a way, as if you're pounding, pounding someone through the
mattress here, guys, this is. And then they somehow raise their hand, which is crazy because you put
in all the work, but I just feel like scoring wise. Sure, you yap about control time, dj, and this
is where we're gonna have a disagreement here. You can talk all you want about control time, you
know? Yeah, talk what you want about control time. The lion doesn't concern itself with the control
time, okay? Alexander swole of himself. He doesn't care for your control time. Dude, he's gone. Beat
you up from bottom. That's what happened there, dj. That's what we witnessed there. Alexander Volkov
getting busy on bottom, smashing him. And here's the moment. And that's how the fight is scored. And
jail to now made a nose that, dj, this time we all knew that you need to work. I do agree that maybe
Goddard stood it up a bit too much, like one or two. And you know, we talk about stand ups. I know
Luke Thomas had an opinion on stand up, maybe might tie into.
[5101.62-5254.97] mighty: This, but I remember that he stood him up. And what did John Tom made it
do? He shot and put him back on his. It's like, and this is the hardest thing I have, like when I
watch this is that even one of my buddies who I grapple with, he goes, people have never, people who
say that. And I understand where Luke Thomas came from. People have never grappled in their life if
they don't realize that if you take me down and you're my half guard and I can't get up, it's not,
it's not his fault, it's not the guy's fault who's on top of me if I can't get up. He's keeping me
there, right? And so granted, when Volkov had that, Kimura and Jotarameda didn't do anything because
Volkov never transitioned. He never scooted his hips out, he never brought the foot over his hip to
force him doing things. So jot tomade is like, okay, you're trying to submit, but you're not. You
don't have the correct fight. So I'll sit here, just chill and relax, right, people. And I
understand, like, it's a hard problem to solve because there are people who use in their better,
their grappling ability to be able to stall the matches. But at the same time, is it a sport or is
it entertainment? Right? There's that fine line where if I'm playing basketball and I'm like, I'm,
you know, there's a shot clock so you can't, you can't just hold the ball. But there has to be a
point where, like, when are we going to reward the grappling? Like, why keep track, why keep track
of control time if it doesn't mean dicks? It doesn't mean anything, right? Like, I, I just feel
like, you know, when I watched it, I was like, man, that could, I just, I, I, I come from a, I don't
come from a grappling background, but when I see it, I'm like, he controlled you for 10 minutes, 48
seconds, right? Him doing this, this doesn't really, it's not a significant strike, right? I, I
just, I don't know, you know, I go either way, but I know how everything's structured. It's like
damage combination, control time. So it's like. But what's damaging? Like, it's just such a hard
thing. But I just wish Volkov was able to defend the takedown to not. To not let him control him for
10 minutes, 48 seconds. Like, when I see that, I'm like, Holy fuck, man. 10 minutes, 48 seconds.
Like, one. How did Jota made it? Didn't finish him. Like, how come he didn't transition and move to
a different position? Right. He didn't have to because he felt those significant strikes weren't
really hurting him. It's like, oh, God, you're. You're. You're hitting me. I don't feel like I
should move. I feel more comfortable staying on top of you. You know, then it almost kind of praised
premise of what DC said. Johnson. I made it. Can't fight. You hear that, right? Like so.
[5254.97-5283.29] guru: Yeah, yeah. Can't fight. We can't fight. But whispering directly into Tom's
microphone on his neck. By the way, genius moves from dc. But either way, those. That is the
criteria, though. So what I'm saying is that is an opinion. Yeah, the control time should win. But
the judges did follow the criteria for once and say he's actually not doing anything. And also
something that we're not talking about is Joe to throw a punch. Yeah, I think he Throw a punch.
[5283.29-5283.97] mighty: He threw nine.
[5283.97-5286.05] guru: He had such dominant control. Nine.
[5286.26-5287.54] mighty: Yeah, nine. But.
[5287.54-5293.70] guru: Nine and a minute of control time. And some of those around one. Of those
around one. Crazy.
[5293.70-5294.42] mighty: But here's.
[5294.66-5295.86] guru: But. But. Go on.
[5295.86-5334.65] mighty: But here's the thing. You give an athlete the opportunity to fight on the
platform. This is one thing that. So here's the thing. The UFC could pick and choose who they want
to hire and who they want to fire, meaning the last guy who beat Marcus Bucetcha, I believe it was
his first. He beat Marcus Bucetcha and they cut him from the ufc. He threw more punches than Johnson
Almeida. So why. Yeah, why not fire Johnson Almeida? If you guys want people who be well rounded,
who go out there and take a risk and throw punches and all that stuff, why are you keeping him? He's
showing to you guys he can't punch. He won't punch.
[5334.65-5335.21] guru: Exactly.
[5335.21-5339.65] mighty: But he'll get rid of it. So get rid of. If that's what you guys don't. You
know what I mean? So I feel like.
[5339.73-5342.04] guru: I agree. This is where we agree. Agree. Dj.
[5342.04-5342.40] mighty: Yeah.
[5342.40-5356.72] guru: Why are we keeping jail? To now make. Finally we meet in the middle and we
agree on this topic. Get rid of him, dude. Put him pfl. Yeah, that's what we need to do.
[5356.72-5376.47] mighty: What I'm getting at, what I'm getting at is that if I have, okay, if I'm a
business and I want banger after banger after banger after banger, I'm not going to, I'm not going
to sign a guy who's a grappling, you know, phenom, and he's not going to look to finish somewhere
and finish somebody. Right. Even though he has a lot of submission victories.
[5376.55-5376.95] guru: Right.
[5376.95-5428.39] mighty: But that only works to a point where you get to the event when you get to
upper echelon of competition. So if he can't grapple his ass off at the higher upperlon echelon,
then I'm not going to put him in there, right? It's like, you know, but maybe they made that match,
like, hey, maybe he's going to be able to submit Volkov or maybe Volkov is going to be able to knock
him out. I don't know. But if, if the UFC doesn't want to have these grappling phenoms get to the
upper echelon and not be able to use their grappling, you know, ability, then don't, you know, get,
don't make the match or don't sign him. I don't know. But I feel, I feel that, like, grappling is
getting such a bad rap in, bad rap in mixed martial arts because of performances like this, right?
Like, maybe if he would have did what Umar Nagomerov did and took his back body triangled, sit
there, did this.
[5428.87-5430.67] guru: Punch, fight for rear naked by.
[5430.67-5499.70] mighty: For rear naked, maybe everybody would, wouldn't be so, you know, sand in
their pants, right? But that's not the case. He took him down control for 10 minutes and people are
just like, whatever. But, you know, it is what it is. I mean, there's only so much you could do. I
mean, if he. And then I love, I love the stand up, right? It's like you stand me up, I shoot a
double leg. We're right back in the same spot. Only way they could fix that is like, don't fucking
shoot a double leg ever again. You can't shoot anymore. You've lost that ability. You shoot, I'm
docking a point. That's the only way that they're going to be able to ban people from shooting.
Because you take me down, I could take it down easily. So I'm going to shoot again. You're gonna
stand this up. I'm a shoot again, so that's my Only problem with that, it's like you stood him up.
He shoots again right back in the same spot. I was like, you really accomplished something there.
But you're getting. But here's the thing. You're giving Volkov a chance to get back to his feet
where he's going to be more dominant. I just don't like that aspect of. Oh, I can't do anything here
either, can you? You know what? I'm going to give you a chance to get where you're good at, where
I'm going to have to work to get you back on your back. That's the only problem I have with that
whole stand up ability.
[5500.02-5502.26] guru: But I agree.
[5502.42-5503.10] mighty: Who am I?
[5503.10-5510.32] guru: I agree. However, I have my own takes on this. Okay. And there's some.
There's some hot takes coming in. Okay? Brace yourself.
[5510.40-5510.92] mighty: I'm ready.
[5510.92-5575.61] guru: I know you're passionately defending this. Jail to now made a guy. You said
this gives grappling a bad rap in mma. I'll tell you what this does. This makes grappling look way
better in mma. Okay? And let me tell you why Jail to now made her lowered the standard so low. But I
literally, I put out a formal apology to Hamza Chimaev on Twitter. I'm honest. I'll be honest. I
say, you know what, Hamza, you were throwing vicious ground and pound shots. You were destroying
Dracus du Plessis on top position. Even though at the time we thought, you know, it weren't crazy.
He was mainly trying to keep control. Well, he could have done a bit more. I think Jailton actually
did a lot of these guys a favor. So you, as a grappling fan in mma, should be like, thank you,
Jailton, for being that boring that everything else is going to be up from here. You know what I
mean? Because let's just really go over what happened in that fight. He didn't do anything with
control. Yeah, it was almost Ben Askren. Ben Askren's tweeting out saying, this guy stinks. Where's
the violence? Ben Askren is saying this. No offense to Ben Askren. I hope he gets better. You know,
he's on the mend. He's on the road.
[5575.61-5576.93] mighty: Oh, he's looking great from.
[5577.17-5607.08] guru: From his career. If Ben Askren's calling you a pacifist, there's a problem
with your game. Ben Askren was tweeting out something saying, like, they should have gave this to
Volkov. What is Jails and Almeida trying to be a pacifist in the MMA fight? Because There were so
many moments where he had full control of Volkov, where we don't ask for much. Yeah. We're still
gonna complain, but if he would have just went chill, future the body chill. He didn't need a
submission attempt. If he just did that, he would have won.
[5607.08-5607.44] mighty: Yeah.
[5607.44-5642.02] guru: But I think the judges are like, is this cunt trying to make a point to,
like, not score anything but control here? Because Volkov is working off of his back and something
that a lot of people didn't really consider in that third round. And this is how I scored it. I
scored it to Volkov 2:1 in. And my understanding of the criteria when I'm watching it, I'm saying
they should give this to Volkov 2 1. They probably won't. And I will say this. If jail to now made
his name was jail to know Almeida of. I'm telling you right now. I'm telling you right now.
[5642.02-5642.26] mighty: And.
[5642.26-5661.90] guru: And everyone knows this. He's winning that fight. Unanimous decision. 100.
100%. He wins that fight. Unanimous decision. Yeah. And that's just an unfortunate reality of the
sport. But he doesn't have that name benefit for the scorecards, unfortunately for him. And my take
is Volkov won the first round. I think that no one's arguing that. Right.
[5661.90-5662.14] mighty: Yeah.
[5662.14-5680.12] guru: Volkov reversed him. Actually hit a nice little reversal with a butterfly
hook. Yep. And I thought, oh, my God. Volkov, six, eight, six, seven. Whatever height he actually
is, there was a whole narrative about that. He's actually, like, hitting a butterfly hook and
twisting over. He hit like a bit of a Craig Jones get up.
[5681.47-5683.51] mighty: They call the octopus guard kind of. Octopus guard.
[5683.51-5868.07] guru: Yeah, yeah, octopus guard. JDM uses it vault, does it a lot as well. That's
what jdm. Craig Jones kind of seeps into the MMA world to deal with the Dagestani grapplers. But he
hit like a bit of an octopus guard and got onto top position. And he's like, smashing jail to now
made it with punches. Round one, he wins the round. Yeah. Which I was shocked by because I thought,
oh, my God. Almeidas took him down right away. This is over. Okay. He's gonna do this. This is gonna
be the fight. And Volkov got top position, landing good shot. So I gave Volkov round one. Almeida
also hooked the glove in that round. And then Goddard watched him hook the glove and said, oh, get
your fingers out the glove. And he starts going up to him, prying Almeida's fingers out of the
glove. Almeida's still keeping him in there, and he's fighting Against Almeida to get him out the
glove doesn't take a point, even though it stopped a bunch of elbows that could have landed. So that
was maybe a sour taste for a lot of people on Almeida in the first round. So then the last two
rounds are where he did a lot of the control. Even though he had two minutes in the first. Volkov
also had like two minutes of control. Round two, he wins. Volkov didn't do that much. Almeida did
some damage on shot on top. He punched a few times. He landed some shots on the feet. I think they
stood it back up and Almeida actually caught him with a punch and then shot into a takedown again.
But round three, there was a moment in round three where Volkov did get back up after Almeida did
nothing on top. And he got back up and he got Almeida against the cage and he was smashing him to
the body with knees. I think he landed like five or six. Ty clinch. Single collar. He was. He had
single collar to stop Almeida circling to the open side of the cage. And he had wrist control on
Almeida on the other arm as well. So he had him pinned against the cage and he was smashing knees
into the body of Almeida and there was a few big solid knees that he landed. And then Almeida got
the takedown. Now when I'm watching a fight, I think, okay, Volkov's ahead on the points. Now he's
done the damage. Almeida's got the takedown. Let's see if Almeida works the points back in his
favor. I score fights by minutes. That's the best way to do it, in my opinion. Because you're like,
okay, he was slightly ahead, but now he's ahead. Like, I don't look at the end of the round and go
and go, who won that round? Yeah, I think while I'm watching the fight, he's ahead, but now he's
caught back up. Now this guy's caught back up and now this guy's caught. But now, oh, by the end of
it, the guy overtook him and now I think he actually did more. But Almeida gets on top, and that is
points. You get on top, you get control. It's points. Then what happens? Volkov non stop hits him in
the face and that is a reality. He non stop punched him in the face. Elbows framing on his face.
Elbow, I think Almeida was doing. At most he was like punching and missing, but at most he was like
elbowing the body While Volkov had wrist control on him, which is annoying to deal with, of course,
and it does hurt. But I just think the the judges are looking at. At that and going, right, if we
never separated, this is Volkov just eternally hitting him in the head while Almeida's laying there
in full dark, if we like. Really, though? Because that's the narrative when you see Joe Rogan says
this all the time like that. If you can't get up, that's how.
[5868.07-5868.67] mighty: It would have been.
[5868.67-5889.43] guru: You would have never got back up. But I argue back in this jail to now made
a specific case that I wouldn't argue for other grapplers typically, like if Chamay of DDP never got
separated. Well, round five, DDP actually had dominant position. But yeah, but if. If the earlier
rounds, if they never ended, we would still be in that crucifix and it would just be Chamay of
punched him, and eventually DDP would just perish. You know what I'm saying?
[5889.43-5889.87] mighty: Yeah, yeah.
[5889.87-5936.37] guru: And it would be over. But in this specific case, which is why I think this
specific case, it works, it would have been Volkov eternally hitting Almeida in the head while he
did nothing on top. So I get your point. And I get your point in general, that control time does
mean something. It does. Yep. It means a lot. If you're controlling someone, it does mean a lot, but
it doesn't mitigate. It doesn't mean that you have no intention of being in a fight like it is
scored as a combat sport. It is. And. And also I. I argue this back to you. You're in a Brazilian
jiu jitsu competition. Yep. The guys on bottom ever win? Yeah, they do. Guys on bottom, they scoot
to their back to start the fight because they think if I outwork this guy from bottom, even if he
has control over me, I'll win.
[5936.45-5936.93] mighty: Yep.
[5936.93-5946.05] guru: I'll win. Because I'm threatening things because I'm going for things. And
that's what Volkov was doing. He was going for an oma plata. He was trying to Kimura grip on
Geraldton at one point.
[5946.05-5946.43] mighty: Yep.
[5946.58-5961.58] guru: He was like trying to hook a leg and go for something, and he was smashing
him with elbows from that angle as well, like Oliveira was doing to Dariush. So I do think there is
a strong argument for Volkov there. But I do hear your point that, well, watching it, you're like,
well, he controlled him the whole time. So, yeah, now that's a big deal.
[5961.58-6015.84] mighty: Well, now that you're you. You know, when you talk about the grappling
aspect of grappling, they would have gave Volkov an advantage. But since. Yeah, this is grappling
air. But since jots that I made it took him down, he would have been up for six points. And so they
would have won it. Johnson, Almeida would have won that match in a grappling blade just because he
actually forced a position, put him in a bad position and able to succeed in that position by taking
him down. Where Volkov would have got advantage. Oh, you went for a submission, you didn't secure
it, and you didn't change that position. When he did octopus guard, he would have got two points
because he was able to sweep them because he. He came in more down position. But you going for a
submission and not getting it, it would have given an advantage. So even the grappling ability, the
grappling world, he. Johnson still would have won. But I. I get where you're coming from, where, you
know the punches, the damage off of bottom, they're scoring that.
[6016.56-6039.41] guru: Yeah, I think that's the difference. I know what you're saying about
grappling, because Geraldton still nearly had the back at one point and one hook in. Yeah, he did do
some stuff. But that's my argument is that there is a difference between how we score wrestling in
MMA compared to how we score wrestling in pure wrestling, and how we score grappling in MMA compared
to how we score grappling and pure grappling. And that difference, that difference is who's getting
busy.
[6039.41-6039.73] mighty: Yeah.
[6039.73-6045.21] guru: Who's working. And Volkov was working. And let me tell you this, Almeida,
we're not asking for much.
[6045.45-6045.93] mighty: Yeah.
[6046.01-6058.62] guru: I really think if our Maida just at the end of the round when you know
you've got him full control, he's not getting back up. 10, 20 seconds left. If Almeida just went.
That's all it would have taken. 4.
[6058.70-6059.14] mighty: Yep.
[6059.14-6072.10] guru: And the judges would have been, you know what? Yeah, we'll give Almeida, but
it's because he made a point not to. I feel like the judges were like, oh, you're almost. You're
intentionally trying to lose this. You're throwing this. You're not doing what you should easily be
able to do here.
[6072.10-6074.70] mighty: Yeah. But here. But here's my counter argument to that.
[6074.94-6075.74] guru: Right, Go on.
[6075.74-6247.36] mighty: I like where you're going at, but imagine like, okay, let's say I'm
fighting Murab, right? Murab blasted a double. He takes me down. I go to knee shield, and I go back,
backhand back, this hand back. Whatever Merab does, he never lands a significant strike on me off
his back. Right. Like, he's. He's holding me. He goes to half guard and he's trying to get punches.
I'm blocking, I'm blocking. I kick him in the belly. I'm just fucking morab up off my back, right?
This is a fantasy life. And I'm beating him up, right? And then he passes my guard. I turtle. He
goes for the. He goes for the. Check the darts. I defend the darts. We get up. Boom, we're back up.
I start moving again. I throw a right hand. He takes me down. Beautiful blast and double leg. I land
on my back, he's in my guard. I elbow, I elbow. I go to knee shield, pop, pop. I'm fucking him up.
Boom, boom, boom. I get up. But they score the fight for Murad because he just out wrestled me. He
out wrestled me, did nothing. So what I'm getting at is that okay, if I do get taken down, I accept
a takedown. Jaime, you were talking about that, talking about this part in London. Just because you
get a takedown, it doesn't mean you are in a dominant position. I'm able to use that takedown
against you and put up frames and barriers where I'm. You're, you're. You're hitting my body, but
I'm hitting the face. Now we're going off. What are the judges thinking is more of a significant
strike, right? Because when I fought Adriano, I did most of my best work off my back when he took me
down the second fight. So I think there needs to be a clear cut of, like, what is deemed, you know,
a good position. Because that's why I never cared about getting taken down, because it's like,
you're not going to pass my guard. Like, if you do, it's gonna be the very end of the round, which
he did, but I think there just made a clear cut of. Okay, you know, I get it, right? Like, after
sitting there watching the jobs, I may fight, I was like, ah, you know, I. I like that control time.
But he didn't do dick squat. So it's like. But I'm torn. It's like, well, he controlled it for 10
minutes, so I don't know what to do. And then it's like those shots in the bottom aren't like banger
shots. But I feel like, like there has to be something be rewarded where, like, we rewarded activity
off the bottom. That's why I feel like we did this time. I feel like we rewarded somebody who fucked
somebody up from their back and we're like, good job. Even though he control you for 10 minutes, you
beat the shit out of him for those 10 minutes that you're being controlled in. We're going to reward
you this fight, but there needs to be a clear cut where it's like, hey, guys, you take this person
down. Congrats, you landed a takedown. But if we don't see any activity whatsoever, you're not
trying to pass guard. You're not trying to get the side control. You're not going to neon belly
trying to rain down some punches. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't even. Don't even bother about
having a hard on about that takedown. You might as well stand the fuck back up. That's why I think
they did with this fight. And hopefully they keep on doing this going forward because we've been
seeing in the past Volkova s gone. The same thing happened where s gone.
[6247.36-6264.24] guru: Won a boo lost and gone didn't do nothing off his back. So. I know what you
mean. And that's. Maybe we disagree on this channel, but then we come together to where we can both
be correct because that's where it's more fun. But yeah, that's the argument. So that's where we can
both be correct here, is that if that president wasn't set.
[6264.24-6264.70] mighty: Yeah.
[6264.93-6268.53] guru: That you're talking about it now is because Dern did the same thing to
Jandaroba.
[6268.53-6268.89] mighty: Yeah.
[6268.89-6274.77] guru: And that's how Dern kind of got it. She was getting busy off her back and
Jandaro's getting on top and being like, oh, I can't really do anything here.
[6274.77-6275.09] mighty: Yep.
[6275.09-6296.08] guru: Dan's just hitting her in the face. So I think if that wasn't set before
this, now it is. Yep. Yeah, it has been now. And I think that's what fighters are gonna have to be
conscious of because I almost feel like they made an example out of gelatin. But I could see if
they're in another place and there's different judges. Two might give it to Almeida. Like it's. Yep.
It's one of those gray areas in MMA that maybe won't be a gray area anymore. Yeah.
[6296.08-6310.96] mighty: They're like, all that wrestling was beautiful. Took him down at will.
Hold him down for Timmy. Oh, you got it. You're here. Once again, it's all. It's based on a judge's
discretion of what they feel is being more appealing in their eyes or they're so.
[6311.04-6314.88] guru: But I'll tell you what could fix the jail to now made a boring as fuck
issue.
[6314.88-6315.52] mighty: What's that?
[6316.08-6321.59] guru: Vter Walker's coming up at heavyweight if we want to sort of scratch over
the rest of the Card. You seen the four hill hooks in a row?
[6321.59-6322.39] mighty: Yeah, yeah.
[6322.39-6327.83] guru: You want to talk about someone who's going to get busy off bottom against
the jail to now Mada where a matchup would be a fun watch.
[6327.83-6333.91] mighty: I want. I want to get. I'm going to. I'm going to give you something real
quick. There's another athlete who did the exact same thing. Two athletes.
[6334.63-6335.19] guru: Yeah.
[6335.19-6343.83] mighty: Paula Harris, he was at when he was tearing everybody's ankles. Tearing
everybody's ankles when he got to. Yeah. Then and that. Yeah, yeah.
[6344.10-6344.62] guru: Never letting.
[6344.62-6346.78] mighty: God.
[6346.78-6347.38] guru: He was like.
[6348.58-6381.16] mighty: But there's a point in time in his career where he got to another echelon
of athletes. What happened? Didn't work out well for him. Gary Tonin, another guy who got away with
a lot of heel hooks. A lot of took advantage. Not took advantage, but his grappling awareness was a
lot higher. He got to somebody who knew where he was doing. They shut that shit down real quick. So
if this gentleman can keep on the heel hook streak and when he meets somebody who he can't, he hook
and he has another tool in his. His back pocket. Beautiful.
[6381.24-6386.56] guru: But yeah, Ryan. Ryan hall did this and then ran into Ilya to Puria before we
even knew about him.
[6386.56-6386.80] mighty: Yep.
[6386.80-6392.24] guru: You know, I mean. Yeah. And it was like, oh, that hill hook ain't you stop
him in Ari. Rolling. This guy's gonna KO you.
[6392.24-6392.84] mighty: Exactly.
[6392.84-6449.27] guru: So it does change. But I think at heavyweight, the fact that he's
consistently able to finish is always good to me, especially by submission. Because most of the time
you see these heavyweights grappling and it's like, hell, yeah. I feel like I'm watching two
walruses, you know what I mean? It's like a real bad look. We can. Well, I don't know if I've seen
it, but there's some mods on Skyrim for the hawkers. I don't wanna. I don't want to talk about my
past, but. But either way. But yeah, it sometimes does feel like that. You talked about Bachecha and
I said Martin Bidet because that was the guy who out grappled him and got cut from the ufc. So, Jon,
you best be praying at home right now they're not going to ship your ass off somewhere else because
he might be seeing KSW or Cage warriors now next. They might honestly put J to now made it to Cage
warriors and just let him be a heavyweight champ there because. Yeah, I know what you mean. And I
like. I liked Volt of all his submissions though, man. And you, you mentioned it. With pal Harris
not letting go. Gary Tone and Ryan hall did this as well. Where they go for the hill works. But four
in a row is a new standard.
[6449.27-6449.99] mighty: It's impressive.
[6449.99-6482.02] guru: You know it is. I don't think he's got better hill hooks than Gary Ton. I
don't think so. Yeah, obviously just based on level because it's different. Yeah. Weights and
different. You know what I mean? But, but I do think for a heavyweight, for a division that people
said was just a bunch of fatties and they're all. Yeah, four consistent. Get what you want
immediately when you want it. It's like a striker constantly getting his KO in the first two
minutes. It's like Tom Aspenow coming up and smoking people on the feet. It's the same thing in a
different realm. So I really like that from Vter Walker. And if we want to go through the rest of
the card now because we just skim over the rest of the card, maybe.
[6482.02-6482.54] mighty: Go ahead, baby.
[6482.54-6509.42] guru: The rest of the card was crazy. I don't know if you saw the whole card, but
there were some wild moments that made it the greater card Vulture Walker's hill hook. And then he
gets on the mic and he calls out. I don't know if you heard his call out, but he said he's can crash
in vaulter Walker. So instead of calling out ranked fighters, he looks down. Hamdi Abdul Wahab is
like a morbidly obese heavyweight underneath the outside the rankings. And he fought Chris Barnett,
who you might know.
[6509.42-6510.26] mighty: Yep, yep.
[6510.26-6579.33] guru: And he said, you think you're good out grappling that chocolate Peppa Pig.
And he was going all off. He called him Ch Chocolate Peppa Pig. Crazy, crazy bars from a guy who's
not English ain't his first language. So he's calling out Hamdir. And maybe we can use that to say I
like Volta Walker though, because if you think about it, Aspinal needs opponents. Gun's now this guy
who's like, could he beat him? Is it going to be evens next fight? Then you've got Volta Walker.
What's Aspinal's only real loss? Hill hook submission from Stuart Austin on the regional scene. This
guy Aspen, I was like mid TKO in him and he survived. And Aspinal kind of like over flurried being
young, inexperienced and the guy hooked up a leg and hill hook submitted Tom Aspinal. And now you've
got this guy coming up in Volta Walker who's promotable funny, funny call outs. Great on the mic
Great in interviews and he's getting nothing but hill hooks. It's like, oh, that's a narrative right
there. Then you've got Ante Delisia, who's a teammate of Aspinall. That's a narrative right there.
Coming up at heavyweight, you've got Mario Pinto. I don't know if you saw him do the whole thing
where he's like, I know, big English. Anyway, guys. What's up, everyone?
[6579.65-6580.45] mighty: I was like, yeah.
[6582.53-6615.23] guru: Yeah, yeah, it sounds good now. It sounds like the Queen's English right
there. But he was. You've got these characters now at heavyweight and they're good. Mario Pinto
showed great grappling against Genata Deniz. Really good grappling and control. Just getting what he
wants. Good double legs and doing work on top gelatin and getting a finish. And then he also had a
good KO over Austin Lane before that. So you're looking at these up and coming heavyweights and
you're thinking, hang on, we kind of got something here. We kind of got something in this division.
There are some prospects coming through, but yeah, V. Walker. Did you watch Chris Barnett versus
Hamdi Abdulhab?
[6615.23-6628.35] mighty: You know, each time I see Chris Barnett, I'm just like, why can't this man
just, you know, you go on a nice diet, get some. Get something going for him. Super athletic, super
athletic. But I just can't get past that part.
[6629.07-6633.39] guru: Yeah, just get in shape and be the bantam weight that you were meant to be,
you know?
[6633.39-6633.79] mighty: Yeah.
[6636.83-6823.33] guru: You know, but that's. That's the thing with Chris Barnett, man. You know, it
was so funny. I was laughing watching the fight, and I shouldn't be laughing watching a cage fight,
but sometimes it does get like this. A heavyweight, when Hamdi was on top and his tits were shaking
around. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And then when Chris. When Chris Barnett got taken down. When Chris
Barnett got taken down, Taken down and he landed and he went. He screamed in pain. He actually
screamed in pain like he got taken down. He went like that on the ground. Like you audibly heard
that just from him falling over. It was like, oh, my God, dude, what a mess. And then even when
Hamdi got his back and Chris Barnett's short started coming down, I don't know if he's got a. I
mean, if there was one fighter on this card that maybe we. A lot of fighters, a lot of fans wish
they could have caught a glimpse of the cheeks and that have been someone in the co. Main event, it
wasn't Chris Barnett. That's not what we were signing up for. If you had to look at this card and
think, well, D's fighting and Chris Barnett's fighting, whose cheeks do we want to see slip out in
the middle of their fight? It wasn't Chris Barnett, dude. That's not the option. Because they would.
They were fighting and he gets back up and it's like, pull your trousers up. What is going on here,
man? Cheeks in the fire. Sh up. And also another thing, his shorts were loose, which is something
that might be a problem. I don't think Chris Barnett faces often. His shorts are a little too loose.
So in order to combat this, they had to tuck his belly into his shorts and tie it around his now new
circumference that he had created around his waist and like tie. And then his belly slipped. He like
got like. It was like jelly slipping out of a container. Once you drop it out of the fridge, it was
like they. Hamdi pushed him on the ground and his belly slipped out of his shorts and it was just
like, oh, God. Large on the canvas, like two proper slugs going at it. And his shorts. I just
thought that was a funny fight that maybe I wanted to cover. Other than that. On the prelims though,
Quill and Sal killed. You see his head kick? I know you must have seen that one. I did it. No, man.
Well, I'll. I'll mention it. Quill and Sal killed Australian. The Australians are doing really good,
by the way. They're like weirdly reliable that you can pick an Australian to win and they'll
typically win these days. So Quillen Sal kills Nazras. He steps in short notice. He's heavy for the
division as well. I think he had something like a 13 kilo weight cut, which is something like 20, 28
pounds. He flew from Australia to Abu Dhabi couple weeks notice to fight Nazra Akbarast, who's
pretty good and has beaten like controversially. But Esteban Ribovic, who people like, and Jared
Gordon, who people like as well. So he's got some decent wins in A division. And Quill and Sal
killed a couple failed single legs and then bang, he catches him with the most brutal head kick in
the. I would say the most brutal head kick of the year. But Huffy got the spinning kick on Bobby
Green, which I think is going to be KO of the year regardless.
[6823.33-6824.46] mighty: That was nasty.
[6824.54-6867.27] guru: There's no way you're beating that. But that head kick was so nasty. Nazrat
was out cold. I'm not kidding. They almost had to like try and Wake him up before the main card
started because he was out cold for like four minutes on the canvas. They were doing the interview
is still there. It was actually kind of worrying. It was that nasty of a head kick. So shout out to
Quill. And Sal killed for the nasty head kick win over Nazra Akbarast. Then you had what else
happened? I mean, not much that we should really go through. Delgado arguably should have won. I'll
mention that just for the, for the fans out there. But Wood's been robbed a couple times, so he
deserves one his favor. And then Ludovic Klein and Mateusz Rebecca. Did you see Ludovic Klein? I
should be a coach. I should be a coach.
[6867.27-6869.99] mighty: Why is that? Why should you be coach for some of these fighters?
[6870.39-6987.77] guru: Ludovic Klein for the first two rounds against Rebecca. Let me set the scene
for the first two rounds against Rebecca. You need. As someone who likes MMA dj, I highly advise
you. Watch the first. Watch Ludovic Klein versus Matthias Rebecca, if you're a fan of striking in
mma. The way that Klein was moving in that first and second round, dipping out the shots he was
selecting, he had Rebecci doing this jelly legged like on three different occasions in each round, I
feel like. And he was patient. And every time Rebecca came in, he dips his head. So Klein was
meeting him with a lead uppercut and then a left overhand. And Rebecci then dips his lead head to
the outside. So Klein just throws the lead hook straight left. And it was like everything he did was
such a perfect adjustment to the movements Rebecci was making. And you were like, oh my God, this is
like some generational talent level striking that he's showing here. Because Rebecci's good, he's a
tough guy and he's fought some great fighters and had some good scraps. He beat Mike Tk Oroi, who
people consider a good prospect. And Klein looked sharp. But the reason why I should be a coach is
in round three, Klein's looking amazing. He's winning round three as well. But Rebecca's starting to
get to him a little bit. Klein normally slows down. Rebecca gets a takedown. And Klein's foot snaps
in half round. His ankle snaps backwards. He's got one foot, he can't get up. And Rebecca stays on
top of him for four minutes and loses the fight. If he would have just separated and stood it up and
Klein couldn't get back up, which he couldn't, he would have won the fight. But he stayed on top
punching and Klein was. We'll talk about Volkov's groundwork. Nothing compared to Klein. He was
slashing open Rebecca off of bottom position with these nasty elbows, creating all kinds of new cuts
on Rebecca's face. And he saved himself from a 10, 8 round, which would have made the fight a draw.
So that was a crazy fight.
[6987.77-6992.85] mighty: But did he know that his ankle was broken? Did he know, like, I took it
down, ankle snapped? Did he know that it was.
[6992.85-6997.69] guru: No. Oh, he didn't. He knew something was wrong, though. He must have known
something was wrong.
[6997.69-6997.97] mighty: Yeah.
[6997.97-7023.51] guru: But when I watched it live, and this is why I don't get what corners are
even there for half the time, because I. I see this a lot when I'm like, why aren't they telling
him? Like, I know sometimes these guys don't listen and they get into the zone, but when I'm
watching it live, I go, oh, my God, Klein's hurt something. No one knew it at the time. No one knew
it because we didn't get the replay. And when you see the replay, you see his leg go like. You know
when Marco CRO Cop got head kicked by.
[7023.51-7026.07] mighty: Yeah, yeah, by Gabriel.
[7026.07-7042.93] guru: Gabriel. Gabriel Gonzaga. That's his name, Filip Philippic. But yeah,
Gabriel Gonzaga head kicks him out cold and his leg snaps. It was like that, but off the takedown,
and it, like, snapped his foot completely. And he looked to his corner, Klein, and he goes,
something in Slovenian.
[7042.93-7043.21] mighty: Yeah.
[7043.21-7043.93] guru: Or Slovakian.
[7043.93-7044.25] mighty: Yep.
[7044.25-7096.12] guru: Should I say. And I immediately went, something's hurt on that. Something's
hurt on Klein. He can't get back up because he said it in a moment where Rebecci gave him space to
get back up, to maybe try and take him down again. And instead, Klein stayed on his knees and looked
at his coaches and went. I'm like, basically. And I. I imagine it was some Slovakian for I'm
something is. So I saw that and I went, he's injured. He could have got back up where he wants to
be, and instead he's flopped to his back and let Rebecca into his guard. Must be something where he
can't get up right now. So I would have been screaming at Rebecci watching that. If I was in his
corner, I would have probably picked up on that and said, stand the up, stand the up. I'm not trying
to say I'm smarter than this corner team, but what I'm saying is I spotted that. And. And that was
something that a massive mistake Rebecci made and his corner team made for not picking up on him.
[7096.51-7182.51] mighty: I think one way you can solve that is because, you know, an octagon, it's
boom, boom, boom. It's eight. It's eight corners. And if, depending on where the fight took place,
let's say, you know, they're fighting and it's right here. The corner man's here, the corner man's
here, and it's broken. He can't stand up. Something's wrong. Stand up. Something's wrong. I think a
cool dynamic they can add to this is that if I'm stationed here, this is red corner, this is blue
corner. If in the middle, it's neutral, you can't go here. If I could walk around and be like, dude,
get up. Get up. And be able to walk right here. Get up, get up. I think that'll be badass and cool
because sometimes when I'm even in a fight and I hurt somebody, I don't realize I hurt them. You
know what I mean? Like, you're in a fight, you have so many noise going on, you can hear certain
cues and calls from his corner, from my corner, depending on where you're at. Right. That's why you
see some people, like, you know, the old school, Matt Hughes, Frank Trigg, you pick him up, you run
him, you throw them in front of your corner. And my corner man's right there. Right. I never forget
when I was fighting Tim Elliott and I was fighting him, and I was right in front of James Krause,
and I can hear him. I looked at James Krause. Hey, how you doing, James? Imagine if, like, that
happened and the cornerman is able to walk to him right here like, hey, dude, like, stand up. His
leg like, hey, stand up. Stand up. I think he can't stand up. And he goes, really? Okay, let go. I
think that's a cool dynamic they can add to mixed martial arts that will be able to. To play cater
to taking advantage of somebody being injured and my athlete not knowing.
[7183.23-7187.91] guru: Yeah, exactly. So they can sort of move, have a bit more mobility than just
being positioned in the same place.
[7187.91-7199.11] mighty: Exactly. Because you can't move and try to scream across the octagon or a
cage or a ring, it's super hard. Especially people don't realize how massive it is when you get in
there. It's like, it's. It's.
[7199.11-7220.46] guru: Especially for non heavyweights. Yeah, let's say exactly. Like lightweights,
featherweights, and below, like, there's a lot of space to cover in the octagon. This was in the
center, though. But I completely get your point exactly. But I just think I'd be screaming, get up.
Stand up. It's like, you know, when Andre Sukumtot took down o', Malley, he actually knew he had
hurt his foot, and he still did that. Like, what the hell?
[7220.46-7223.70] mighty: Yeah, well, Mad Matt was like, come on. What?
[7223.70-7224.42] guru: You get up.
[7224.42-7225.10] mighty: He did get up.
[7225.10-7268.21] guru: It's all but to be fair. Oh. Azermatt Mazakano, folks. Whoa, what a jab. KO
over Alexander Rackic on the main cut. That guy is going to be a problem moving forward. I'd like to
see him against some of these top contenders now. Maybe a Khalil Roundtree matchup. They're both
short, stocky, powerful, explosive strikers as I'm at Mazakanov, a Dagestani guy, dad bod on him. A
little bit deceptive to look at going into things compared to the 6:4, lean and mean racket that
probably should take a move to heavyweight and be up some blobs for a few years. But Mazakanov drops
Rakic with a jab. Put him out. Rackage on the ground, covering up, and this is a racket. You went
29, 28 with Ankalaev. So insane stuff from Mazakhanov. What a KO win. I didn't see that one coming.
All right, now, cards wrapped up.
[7268.21-7303.94] mighty: Yeah. With all things considered, what would you grade this card? I, I
give it, honestly, I'm not gonna lie. I probably give it like a six. Six. Like, I think I, I, I
think, I think the ending was like, oh, damn, we waited so long. The Kizzy Dern fight was a good
fight, but, you know, I just feel with Whaley just not being the champion there, I felt like it was
almost kind of like, oh, well, the best is not in that division anymore. She wants to go challenge
herself. And then the Almeida fight was. And I think the only thing I was like, oh, that was a good
fight. I was very impressed with Mar Batista, so I, I had to give it a six. I, I, I was like, ah, it
was a good card.
[7304.66-7392.44] guru: I agree, I agree. With a 6 out of 10, I think maybe it could be diminished
to a 5. But I think almost a part of the main event controversy kind of makes it talk about a bulk.
There's so many people talking about the main event now because of what actually happened. Yeah,
then there would be if it was some boring decision that everybody hated. So I feel like it was a bad
card. But the prelims I thought were really fun. And for me, as like, a content creator in a fight
reactor in the fight Companions which hit. I don't know if you guys are aware, But I had 40000 live
viewers in the fight companion for the main event. So that was, that was big time. So this card must
have been doing pretty well. Yeah, but there were a lot of fun moments to like discuss and the
broken foot in the climb fight. The s killed KO and the the Hamdi of do have Chris Barnett slug fest
in a different sense of the word of meaning maybe two slugs having a festival with each other in the
cage rather than a traditional sense. So I'd go over six or a five out of ten for sure. But now that
we're done with this card in just a couple of weeks time, there's no current events cuz the next two
weeks of UFC events are bland. But once we're on the other side of those next two weeks of Apex
cards, there's a utopia in the distance. Yes. And that utopia is the great UFC 322 Makashev versus
Jack Della Madeleina. It's JDM versus Makashev in the main event. Chevchenko versus Zhang in the co
main event. DJ, kick it off. What you think about that main event?
[7394.69-7508.55] mighty: If there wasn't a main event that had skill for skill, technique for
technique. Somebody coming from lightweight Islam Makhachev getting the opportunity to go up to 170
to have that, you know, you know, double champ status. The UFC doesn't allow that anymore. But the
double champ status, taking on jdm, where I feel JDM was a dark horse, right. Not very known to the
public. Great technique, great grappling. But the beating he put on Bilal Muhammad being able to
finish him and just out jab him. A lot of people said that fight was going to be boring. It turned
out to be a banger fight for him. Take on a guy like Islam. Makhachev not steering away from that
challenge. You know, Islam is coming up so he's going to be, I feel like comparably size wise,
they're going to be about even, you know, Islam super good. JDM's got Craig Jones in the camp to,
you know, battle Volkanovsky and Volkanovski to battle that, you know, Dagesan wrestling. It's gonna
be. It could be two things. It could be a very, very boring fight or it could be a very, very
excited fight. Meaning by the way it could be born is if, if Islam's able to take down JDM and get
his back, hold him there, I'll grapple him, you know, Stifle him. He could potentially do that. But
the one thing I love about JDM when he fights is he never accepted position when he was fighting
Gilbert Burns. Gilbert Burns, great grappler. Takes him down. Ryman gets up, he throws that knee
into the foi. Gilbert Burns ducks down into it, he runs into it. JDM doesn't accept the position
when he gets taken down. He's always looking to grapple. Always look at the anti wrestle. That's
what makes this fight exciting. And he's got some fucking good hands. He's not a. The way he, his
boxing is. He's very tight. I'm excited for that fight just because we're seeing the best at 155
take on the best at 170. It's very rare when the moons align. Same thing at the. At Nicole main
event. Shevchenko taking away.
[7508.55-7509.83] guru: Let me have a turn in the main event.
[7510.31-7511.59] mighty: Go ahead, babe. Go ahead. Get in there.
[7511.59-7513.75] guru: Let's move on. I got things to say about this.
[7513.75-7514.27] mighty: Let's go.
[7514.27-7636.44] guru: But Makashev, jdm, this one's special to me, okay? I've been watching JDM
since the regional scene when he was taken out. Somebody, if you, if you haven't seen it, go and
watch back. Jack De La Madeleina's regional kos. Some of the nastiest kos you'll see. He was
destroying people on a regional scene. Started 0 and 2 in his career, went 10, 2 after that, 10
fight win streak going. And then since it's been on a crazy win streak, I think he's on like a 17,
18 fight win streak now in his career, all the way through to UFC as well. I've picked him in every
fight, and I'm gonna pick him to beat Makashev as well. A little spoiler for my own prediction
video, but my take on this fight is amazing. Matchup. I think Makashev, there's a narrative that
Makashev's ducking Ilya to Puria. But you. If Makashev was not fighting Ilya to Puria because he
wanted to defend his title against Max Holloway for a BMF belt, maybe I'd say, okay, he's ducking
Ilya. He wants an easier matchup against a striker, maybe. But when Makashev's ducking Ilia Tapiria
to take on Jack De La Madeleina at welterweight upper weight class, you ain't ducking. And if you
are, that's not a, that's not a clever duck right there. That's a real dumb duckling because
Makachev's moving up to face a dangerous kind of. Kind of Iliad. Superior, but bigger. Maybe not as
like, dynamic as Ilia is or the starter Ilya is, but if you're talking really tidy boxing and really
good takedown defense and sprawls, you're talking JDM and Ilya Tapiri are in the sport. So this is a
new test. My take on this fight is that this will be one sided in either direction. That's my take.
I don't think it can be boring. I know, I know. It could be where maybe Makashev does stall it out.
But I think if Makachev does have an advantage in the grappling light, a man's skill is something
that comes up a lot in mma and I think he will be able to use that into a finish. You know, you said
about his survivability against Burns, which was crazy because he broke his arm in that fight and
still survived some really bad positions. I just think if Makashev has an advantage, he will press
it to a finish in the grappling earlier.
[7636.44-7636.75] mighty: Yep.
[7636.90-7667.51] guru: But if JDM can shuck those off, he will press to a finish up against the
cage because he's used to this weight class and Makashev's new to 170. And one thing you don't want
to do if you're moving up to a weight class above you is immediately feel that pressure of being
backed up in a time before in a division where you could maybe manipulate and have the physical
presence over people at lightweight. So I'm leaning towards jdm. But this is a generational fight
and I'm really looking forward to it because fights like this don't come around often.
[7667.51-7667.75] mighty: No.
[7667.75-7678.31] guru: Makashev versus anyone would be good at welterweight. But the fact that the
alternative to Makachev losing. Losing is him being up up against a cage by tko.
[7678.31-7678.67] mighty: Yep.
[7678.67-7690.11] guru: By jdm. Or being battered across five rounds and his face being a mess.
These are the types of ones you've got to watch out for. So I'm really looking forward to that. Now
we can move on to Shevchenko versus Zhang. What you got?
[7690.11-7691.63] mighty: No, you go. You go, baby. You go ahead.
[7691.63-7692.99] guru: I'll go for Chefchenko Zhang.
[7692.99-7694.49] mighty: Yeah, yeah.
[7694.49-7726.94] guru: It's all right. What you got? I'm joking. No, no, no. It's a Sig fight.
Zhang Weili moving up. Another generational fight. Whether you. I know a lot of people and women's
MMA not as important, but this is One of those ones, this is like Chefchenko Nunes. This is like a
Nunes fighting. I don't know what other kind of fight it's like, but one of those, like Rousey
coming back. This is a big women's fight. Like most of them are just, ah, who's the Shevchenko or
Zhang or Nunes gonna fight next, next in their division? That's typically what we find ourselves
asking, right?
[7726.94-7727.34] mighty: Yep.
[7727.34-7750.22] guru: But now it's like, damn, the two that have cleared out their division, Ish
Chefchenko, a little bit more difficulty with it than Zhang recently, are now taking on each other.
So I'm looking forward to it. I do think Shevchenko skipped a beat recently in her career, whereas I
think Zhang is in her prime and has been looking better and better between her fights. So I probably
will lean towards Zhang Weili. So that's what I'm going for here.
[7750.22-7750.46] mighty: Yeah.
[7750.46-7765.20] guru: I think Zhang Weili is going to give Chefchenko some problems and I think
this is going to be a close, quite dull split decision to Zhang Weili because it's probably better
for the company that she wins. That's what I'm going for here. What you got in the comment?
[7765.20-7838.83] mighty: I think I, I love it because like you said, it's, it's generational
talent. You know, Valentino, Chef Shango, she's been around for a long time and she's been very
successful. Has she lost a, a, a step? I agree with you on that because when she fought Grasso, I
felt like she, she realized she couldn't, you know, she can out grapple her by just taking her down,
staying in her guard, not going to side control because he's. Time she went to side control, she
would lose that position where I feel like Weili, she's gotten better every single time she fights.
The speed, the transitions, the technique, the wrestling that she got when she would train with him.
Cejudo with the inside trip. I have Weili winning this fight. I never want to cut out Chef Shanko
because she's a veteran, she knows how to compete, but she's going against a younger athletic
athlete where she does a pretty good job. And it sounds like her stand up changes. She'll stay on
outside and that Muay Thai stance and like tap, tap, tap, tap, where I think Weili is going to be
able to, you know, get past that, essentially. So I agree with you with the Weili. The main event. I
have to go, I'm going to go with Islam. I think Islam's gonna be able to get it Done. But the rest
of the card is looking straight. You, boat, you got Bo Nickel on the main card. Do you even have
Carlos? Yeah, he said yuck.
[7840.27-7910.55] guru: Yeah. Now I'm joking. No, Bo Nickel's gonna be on the main card. You want to
know why? Because we're going to talk about him being on the main card. I know their game. I know
the UFC's game these days. Let's put Bow Nickel on the main card. So everyone complains about it,
accidentally promoting this fight in the. In the meantime. But that's a tricky fight for Bo Nickel
against Rodolfo Vieira. If you. If you're talking about a grappler in Bo that wants to get a
takedown, BJJ ain't no joke. So I'm looking forward to that. But we've also got two others that I
think really stand out on the card. Leon Edwards, Carlos Protest. Sean Brady versus Michael Morales.
Bangers. So, of course, we're looking forward to those as well. And little hint of sprinkle on top.
Vanille Dariush. Ben was underneath the card, stacked. But Malcolm Wellmaker. That's all I'm gonna
say. Watch out for Malcolm Wellmaker. Ko Inbound hook on the chin, right hook. That's what we're
looking for from Malcolm Wellmaker. So I can't wait for that card. It's gonna be banger. I sense a
lot of KOs. Got a lot of movement in the welterweight division. That's jdm, Makashev, Brady Morales,
and Edwards protest. If the welterweight landscape ain't cleared up by Tom by the. That weekend, I
don't know what will.
[7910.63-7942.98] mighty: Yeah, sick car. Sick car. Well, my friend, it's always good to connect
with you again, especially after, you know, don't want to say was amazing, amazing, you know, UFC.
UFC 321. But it's kind of unfortunate. We waited 15 months to see Tom Aspinall get back in there,
but we had a great time breaking that down with the eye pokes, the bowling ball reference, the Chris
Barnett with the. The titty swinging back and forth. The fans love it. I love it. And, you know,
next time we see each other will be UFC322. JDM taken is on Makachev.
[7942.98-7965.50] guru: So, ladies and gentlemen, we'll see who's correct. Yeah, yeah, we'll see
who's on that one. So, ladies and gentlemen, we'll catch you for the next episode in only three
weeks, because, remember, September was skipped, so we had to wait a long time. But in only three
weeks, we're going to be recapping UFC 323. Don't miss it. It's the best place to be for MMA
conversations after the event. You don't want to miss out on the Mighty Guru Show.
[7966.48-7968.80] mighty: One second. I think it was USC 322, right?
[7970.24-7971.35] guru: Yeah. 322.
[7971.49-7972.16] mighty: 322.
[7972.16-7972.96] guru: Leave this in.
[7972.96-7973.44] mighty: Okay.
[7974.08-7975.76] guru: Yeah. Guys. I'll see you later, guys.
[7978.08-7978.64] mighty: That's right.
[7978.64-7979.04] guru: Yeah.
[7979.04-7980.48] mighty: Okay, perfect. We'll end it like that.
